
When they heard the call of a cause laid low
They sprang to their guns again,
And the pride of all was the first to fall,
The Glory of our fighting men.
In the days to come, when the pip and drum
You follow in the ways that they knew
When their praise you sin, let the echoes ring
With the memory of Cathal Brugha
 
Brave Liam Lynch on the mountainside
Felll a victim to the foe
And Danny Lacey for Ireland died
in the Glen of Aherlow
Neil Boyle and Quinn fromt the North came down
To stand with the faithful and true
And we'll sing their praise in the freedom days
'Mong the heroes of 22
 
Some fell in the proud red rush of war
And some by the treacherous blow,
Like the martyrs four in Dublin Town,
And the their comrades at Dromboe
And a hundred more in the barrack squares
and by lonely roadsides too
Without fear they died and we speak with pride
of the martyrs of 22
 
They were true to our right, they fought the good fight
and they rest in the peace of God
Lift up your hearts, O brave young men,
And march in the ways they trod.
The cause still calls that called to them
And the task will be only through
When freedom comes to the land we love
By the soldiers of 22.

As we go marching, marching, in the beauty of the day
A million darkened kitchens, a thousand mill lofts gray
Are touched with all the radiance that a sudden sun discloses
For the people hear us singing, bread and roses, bread and roses.

As we come marching, marching, we battle too, for men,
For they are in the struggle and together we shall win.
Our days shall not be sweated from birth until life closes,
Hearts starve as well as bodies, give us bread, but give us roses.

As we come marching, marching, un-numbered women dead
Go crying through our singing their ancient call for bread,
Small art and love and beauty their trudging spirits knew
Yes, it is bread we. fight for, but we fight for roses, too.

As we go marching, marching, we're standing proud and tall.
The rising of the women means the rising of us all.
No more the drudge and idler, ten that toil where one reposes,
But a sharing of life's glories, bread and roses, bread and roses.

So talk to me of freedom,
When they take your sweat
And throw you on the dole,
Like a useless worn-out bone.
They say to have no fear,
We've work for fifty years,
But they'll take your job if labour is cheaper.
Yes, they will.
They'll take your job where labour is cheaper.

When he worked in the factory,
Times were good and overtime was plenty,
And life it seemed so fine,
Had the crack with the lads and a jar,
And worries seemed so far.
Life is just for living when you're twenty.
Yes it is.
Life is just for living when you're twenty.

And then he settled down,
In a three bedroom in a new suburban town,
Did his duty like Mr. Jones.
The morgage rent was paid,
Kids were fed and raised.
Life was different when he was thirty.
Yes it was.
Life was different when he was thirty.

Then prices began to fall,
And the morning siren never more did call,
And he knew the anger of hate,
When they padlocked the factory gate,
Oh life was different when he was forty.
Yes it was.
Life was different when he was forty.

Now each day is like yesterday,
His driftwood spirit lies upon the shore,
He's been to retraining schools,
Learned how to use new tools,
But he's still unemployed and fifty.
Yes he is.
He's still unemployed and fifty.

Weren't we the rare oul' stock? Spent the evenin' gettin' locked
In the Ace of Hearts where the high stools were engaging,
Over the Butt Bridge, down by the dock
The boat she sailed at five o'clock
"Hurry, boys," said Whack, or before we're there we'll all be back
Carry him if you can The Crack was Ninety in the Isle of Man.

Before we reached the Alexander Base; The ding dong we did surely raise
In the bar of the ship we had great sport, as the boat she sailed out of the port
Landed up in the Douglas Head enquired for a vacant bed.
The dining room we soon got shown by a decent woman up the road.
'Lads, ate it if you can, The Crack was Ninety in the Isle of Man.

Next morning we went for a ramble round; Viewed the sights of Douglas Town
Then we went tor a mighty session, in a pub they call Dick Darby's.
We must have been drunk by half-past three; To sober up we went swimmin' in the sea
Back to the digs for the spruce up, and while waitin' for the fry
We all drew up our plan; The Crack was Ninety in the Isle of Man.

That night we went to the Texas Bar; Came back down by horse and car.
Met Big Jim and all went in to drink some wine in Yate's.
The Liverpool Judies, it was said, were all to be found in the Douglas Head
McShane was there in his suit and shirt, Them foreign girls he was tryin' to flirt
Sayin' "Here girls, I'm your man," The Crack was Ninety in the Isle of Man.

Whacker fancied his good looks; On an Isle of Man woman he was struck.
But a Liverpool lad was by her side. And he throwin'the jar into her.'
Whacker thought he'd take a chance; He asked the quare one out to dance.
Around the floor they stepped it out, And to Whack it was no bother.
Everythin' was goin' to plan; The Crack was Ninety in the Isle of Man.

The Isle of Man woman fancied Whack; Your man stood there till his mates came back
Whack! they all whacked into Whack, and Whack was whacked out on his back.
The police force arrived as well, Banjoed a couple of them as well,
Landed up in the Douglas jail, until the Dublin boat did sail,
Deported every man, The Crack was Ninety in the Isle of Man.

You have murdered our brave Liam and Rory
You have butchered young Richard and Joe
And your hands with our blood are still gory
Fulfilling the work of the foe

[Chorus]
So take it down from the mast, Irish traitor!
It's the flag we Republicans claim
It can never belong to free staters
For you've brought on it nothing but shame

Then leave it to those who are willing
To uphold it in war and in peace
To those men who intend to do killing
Until England's tyranny is ceased

So take it down from the mast, Irish traitor!
It's the flag we Republicans claim
It can never belong to free staters
For you've brought on it nothing but shame

We'll stand by Daly and Larkin
By the provisionals and Sullivan the bold
And we'll break down the English connections
And we'll win back the nation you sold

So take it down from the mast, Irish traitor!
It's the flag we Republicans claim
It can never belong to free staters
For you've brought on it nothing but shame

You sold out the six counties for your freedom
When we had given you McCracken and Wolfe Tone
And good Ulstermen have fought for you in Dublin
Now you watch as we fight on alone

So take it down from the mast, Irish traitor!
It's the flag we Republicans claim
It can never belong to free staters
For you've brought on it nothing but shame

And up in Ulster, we're fighting on for freedom
For our people, they yearn to be free
You executed those men who fought for us
With a hangman from over the sea

So take it down from the mast, Irish traitor!
It's the flag we Republicans claim
It can never belong to free staters
For you've brought on it nothing but shame

You have murdered our brave Liam and Rory
You have butchered young Richard and Joe
And your hands with our blood are still gory
Fulfilling the work of the foe

So take it down from the mast, Irish traitor!
It's the flag we Republicans claim
It can never belong to free staters
For you've brought on it nothing but shame

As I walk the road from Kilashandra, weary eyes are down
for it's twelve long miles around the lake to get to Cavan Town
lough after on the road I go, one scene beyond compare
and I curse the time it takes to reach my Cavan girl so fair

now the autumn shades are on the leave, the trees will soon be bare
each red hued leaf around me seems the color of her hair
my gaze retreats, defies my feet and once again I sigh
for each broken blue around seems the colour of her eyes

at the Cavan Cross each Sunday morning, there she can be found
and it seems she has the eye of every boy in Cavan Town
if my luck will hold, I'll catch the golden Summer of her smile
and I'll break the hearts of Cavan men for she'll talk with me awhile

so next Sunday evening finds me homeward, Kilashandra bound
to work a week 'till I return to court in Cavan Town
when asked if she would be my wife at least she's not said no
so next Sunday early, 'rouse myself, and back to her I'll go

If you ever go across the sea to Ireland
than maybe at the closing of your day
you can sit and watch the moon rise over Claddah
or watch the sun go down on Galway Bay

Just to hear again the ripple of the trout stream
the women in the meadow makin' hay
or to sit beside a turf fire in a cabin
and watch the barefoot gossoms as they play

Oh the breezed blowing o're the sea from Ireland
are perfumed by the heather as they blow
and the women in the uplands diggin' praties
speak a language that the strangers do not know

Oh the strangers came and tried to teach us their ways
they blamed us just for bein' what we are
but they might as well go chasing after moonbeams
or light a penny candle from a star

And if there's going to be a life hereafter
and something tells me sure there's going to be
I will ask my God to let me make my Heaven
in the dear old land across the Irish Sea

Its of a brave young Volunteer this story I'll relate
Who saved the lives of many but in Dublin met his fate
At the hands of brutal cowards who came to maim and kill
But they met with Martin Doherty and by God they're running [Em]still.
 
For Doherty was there
Doherty was there
Young, strong, courageous
Martin Doherty was there.
 
Now Martin was a veteran of service long and hard
His post that night in Pearse Street Widow Scallan's pub to guard
He belonged to our old Dublin Brigade with it's valiant history
But none was ever braver than young "Doco" Doherty.
 
For Doherty was there
Doherty was there
Young, strong, courageous
Martin Doherty was there.
 
"Twas on that night in Pearse Street a concert it was held
To aid our Irish prisoners locked up in British cells
In the hall above the band did play and dancers fought the floor
While down below was Martin with his eye upon the door
 
For Doherty was there
Doherty was there
Young, strong, courageous
Martin Doherty was there.
 
Now Martin spied the UVF come skulking through the night
He quickly stepped out to the street and boldly he did fight
They'd a mighty bomb of Semtex and pistols in their hands
But they thought they'd met the Devil when Doherty made his stand.
 
For Doherty was there
Doherty was there
Young, strong, courageous
Martin Doherty was there.
 
Those cowards left their bomb unprimed, their only thought was flight
They learned that bad town Dublin was no place for them that night
They basely fled one Volunteer with no wepons in his hand
But with their guns they slaughtered Martin Doherty as they ran.
 
For Doherty was there
Doherty was there
Young, strong, courageous
Martin Doherty was there.
 
The useless cops, late on the scene, viewed Martin lying low
They sniggered and the chuckled "There's one less Provo now"
But the people from the hall above they spoke up loud and clear
"Ye Blueshirt hoors, we'd all be dead but for that Volunteer!'
 
For Doherty was there
Doherty was there
Young, strong, courageous
Martin Doherty was there.
 
His funeral, seen round the world, it showed Britannia clear
That though they try to kill us they instill in us no fear
For thousands lined the streets that day to bid a last farewell
To this young man from Dublin town who lived and died so well.
 
For Doherty was there
Doherty was there
Young, strong, courageous
Martin Doherty was there.

As down the glen one Easter morn
To a city fair rode I.
There armoured lines of marching men
In squadrons passed me by.
No pipe did hum, no battle drum
Did sound its loud tattoo
But the Angelus bell o'er the Liffy's swell
Rang out in the foggy dew.

Right proudly high over Dublin town
They hung out that flag of war.
'Twas better to die 'neath an Irish sky
Than at Suvla or Sud el Bar.
And from the plains of Royal Meath
Strong men came hurrying through;
While Brittania's sons with their long-range guns
Sailed in from the foggy dew.

oh the night fell black and the rifle's crack
made perfidious Albion reel
mid the leaded rail seven tongues of flame
did shine o're the lines of steel
by each shining blade a prayer was said
that to Ireland her sons be true
when the morning broke still the war flag shook
out its fold on the foggy dew

it was England bade our wild geese go
That small nations might be free.
Their lonely graves are by Suvla's waves
On the fringe of the grey North Sea.
But had they died by Pearse's side
Or fought with Cathal Bruagh,
Their graves we'd keep where the Fenians sleep
'Neath the shroud of the foggy dew.

but the bravest fell, and the requiem bell
Rang mournfully and clear
For those who died that Eastertide
In the springing of the year.
And the world did gaze in deep amaze
At those fearless men and true
Who bore the fight that freedom's light
Might shine through the foggy dew.

then back through that glen I rode again
and my heart with grief was sore
for I parted then with valiant men
whom I never shall see more
and back to and fro in dreams I'll go
and I'll kneel and pray for you
oh slavery fled oh glorious dead
when you fell in the foggy dew

Take me home to Mayo
across the Irish Sea
Home again in Mayo
where once I roamed so free
Take me home to Mayo
and let my body lie
Home at last in Mayo
beneath an Irish sky

My name is Michael Gaughan
From Ballina I came
I saw my people sufferin'
and swore to break their chains
I took the boat to England
prepared to fight or die
Far away from Mayo
beneath and English Sky Chorus

Take me home to Mayo
across the Irish Sea
Home again in Mayo
where once I roamed so free
Take me home to Mayo
and let my body lie
Home at last in Mayo
beneath an Irish sky

My body's cold and hungry
in Parkhurst Jail I lie
for the loving of my country
on hunger strike I'll die
I have but one last longing
I pray you'll not deny
bury me in Mayo
beneath my Irish sky Chorus

Take me home to Mayo
across the Irish Sea
Home again in Mayo
where once I roamed so free
Take me home to Mayo
and let my body lie
Home at last in Mayo
beneath an Irish sky

Our act is done our freedom's won hurrah for the Volunteers
No laws beyond but those alone of our Commons, king and peers
The chain is broke the Saxon yoke from our fair neck was taken
Dungannon spoke Ireland awoke with fear was England shaken

When Grattan rose none dared oppose the claim he made for freedom
They knew our words to back his words were ready if he need them
Then let us raise to Grattan's praise a proud and joyous anthem
And welcome grace and length of days may God in mercy grant them

Bless Harry Flood who nobly stood by us through gloomy years
Lest Charlemont the brave the good the chief of the Volunteers
The North began the North held on the strife for later land
Till Ireland rose and cowed her foes God bless the northern land

God bless the men of patriot pen swift Molyneux and Lucas
Bless sword and gun which free
Trade won bless God who ne'er forsook us
And long may last the friendship fast which binds us all together
While we agree our foes shall flee like clouds in stormy weather

Remember still through good and ill how vain were prayers and tears
How vain were words till flashed the swords of the Irish Volunteers
By arms we've got the rights we've
Sought through long and wretched years
Hurrah, 'tis done our freedom won, hurrah for the Volunteers

Come gather round me one and all 
My song to you I'll sing, 
In memory of a brave young Irishman, 
Who would not concede defeat, 
From his stand would not retreat. 
I sing of the gallant Bobby Sands, 
Bobby Sands. 
Yes I sing of the late great Bobby Sands. 

He organised the hunger strike 
To win and change, reform, 
To stop the evil tyrants in their craze, 
To regain the five demands 
He took his young life in his hands 
For the betterment of comrades in Armagh 
And in the Maze 
Armagh and the H-Blocks of the Maze. 

They tried to break your spirit 
But no way could they succeed, 
The phoenix in your heart they tried to quell 
With their beatings, degradation, 
All in vain totheirfrustration, 
For the more they tried, the more you would rebel 
You would rebel, 
With dignity your principle did swell. 

But freedom was to come to you 
On a rain soaked Tuesday morn 
From the heavens tears of patriots were shed 
With the joy that you are free 
To walk with Tone and Connolly, 
Forever live the name of Bobby Sands 
We shall endear 
Your name, to foe shall always threaten tear. 

So to all you people 
My song to you I've sung 
In memory of a brave young Belfast man 
Who would not concede defeat, 
From his stand would not retreat. 
I sing of the gallant Bobby Sands, 
Bobby Sands. 
Yes I sing of the late great Bobby Sands. 

I dreamed I saw Joe Hill last night,
Alive as you or me
Says I, "But Joe, you're ten years dead,"
"I never died," says he.
"I never died," says he.

"In Salt Lake, Joe," says I to him,
Him standing by my bed,
"They framed you on a murder charge,"
Says Joe, "But I ain't dead,"
Says Joe, "But I ain't dead."

"The copper bosses killed you, Joe,
They shot you, Joe," says I.
"Takes more than guns to kill a man,"
Says Joe, "I didn't die,"
Says Joe, "I didn't die."

And standing there as big as life
And smiling with his eyes
Says Joe, "What they forgot to kill
Went on to organize,
Went on to organize."

"Joe Hill ain't dead," he says to me,
"Joe Hill ain't never died.
Where working men are out on strike
Joe Hill is at their side,
Joe Hill is at their side."

From San Diego up to Maine,
In every mine and mill -
Where working men defend their rights
It's there you'll find Joe Hill.
It's there you'll find Joe Hill.

I dreamed I saw Joe Hill last night,
Alive as you or me
Says I, "But Joe, you're ten years dead",
"I never died," says he.
"I never died," says he.

There's 19 men a-missing,
And they didn't use the door.
Just blew a little hole,
Where there wasn't one before.

Now the army and the gardai
Are searching high and low.
For the men from Portlaoise prison,
Who have vanished like the snow.

On the eighteenth day of August,
In the good year '74.
A blast occurred in Portlaoise town,
That was heard through every door.

And when the smoke and dust had cleared,
There rose a merry cheer,
For those within who helped to plan
The jailbreak of the year

The word to Dublin quickly spread
And on the news 'twas said
That special branch detectives
Would soon capture those who fled.

And then appeared upon this land
Checkpoints with soldiers armed
Who vowed to capture those
Who caused the Minister such alarm.

To Ireland's rebel country
These brave men made quick escape
To a quiet town called Gorey
The boys sat down and dined in state.

And now I hear there's plans afoot
With mortar brick and stone
To build a brand new prison
And to call it Provo home.

As I walked by the dockside one evening so fair
To view the salt waters and take in the salt air
I heard an old fisherman singing a song
Oh, take me away boys me time is not long

Wrap me up in me oilskin and Jumber
No more on the docks I'll be seen
Just tell me old shipmates, I'm taking a trip mates
And I'll see you someday on Fiddlers Green

Now Fiddler's Green is a place I've heard tell
Where the fishermen go if they don't go to hell
Where the weather is all clear and the dolphins do play
And the cold coast of Greenland is far, far away

Now when you're in dock and the long trip is through
There's pubs and there's clubs and there's lassies there too
And the girls are all pretty and the beer is all free
And there's bottles of rum growing on every tree

Where the skies are all clear and there's never a gail
And the fish jump on board with one swish on their tail
Where you lie at your leisure, there's no work to do
And the skipper's below making tea for the crew

Now I don't want a harp nor a halo, not me
Just give me a breeze and a good rolling sea
I'll play me old squeeze-box as we sail along
With the wind in the riggin to sing me a song

From East to West, from North to South
They tried to hunt the column out
But the Tans were forced to go without
The boys of Barry’s Column

In armoured cars they came to stay
And wipe the Irish cowards away
But oh, the lovely holiday
Was stopped by Barry’s Column

Oh but isn’t great to see
The Tommies and the R.I.C
The Black And Tans and the Staters flee
Away from Barry’s Column

By, George might have some wily tricks
And have the volunteers to fix
Yet all his Black And Tans go sick
When they think of Barry’s Column

His ships all come in red and black,
No tanks or war equipment lack
Yet o’er the sea, they’ll ne’er get back
If caught by Barry’s Column

Oh but isn’t great to see
The Tommies and the R.I.C
The Black And Tans and the Staters flee
Away from Barry’s Column

Along the lonely road they wind
Armed in front, and armed behind
“We’re sorry, but that bridge is mine”
Said the lads of Barry’s Column

They stopped to rest just for a spell
Some hand-grenades upon them fell
“Here sort them out among yourselves”
Said the lads from Barry’s Column

Oh but isn’t great to see
The Tommies and the R.I.C
The Black And Tans and the Staters flee
Away from Barry’s Column

A long time ago, way back in history,
when all there was to drink was nothin but cups of tea.
Along came a man by the name of Charlie Mops,
and he invented a wonderful drink and he made it out of hops.

He must have been an admiral a sultan or a king,
and to his praises we shall always sing.
Look what he has done for us he's filled us up with cheer!
Lord bless Charlie Mops, the man who invented beer beer beer
tiddly beer beer beer.

The Curtis bar, the James' Pub, the Hole in the Wall as well
one thing you can be sure of, its Charlie's beer they sell
so all ye lads a lasses at eleven O'clock ye stop
for five short seconds, remember Charlie Mops 1 2 3 4 5

He must have been an admiral a sultan or a king,
and to his praises we shall always sing.
Look what he has done for us he's filled us up with cheer!
Lord bless Charlie Mops, the man who invented beer beer beer
tiddly beer beer beer.

A barrel of malt, a bushel of hops, you stir it around with a stick,
the kind of lubrication to make your engine tick.
40 pints of wallop a day will keep away the quacks.
Its only eight pence hapenny and one and six in tax, 1 2 3 4 5

He must have been an admiral a sultan or a king,
and to his praises we shall always sing.
Look what he has done for us he's filled us up with cheer!
Lord bless Charlie Mops, the man who invented beer beer beer
tiddly beer beer beer.

The Lord bless Charlie Mops!

And its up like a bird and its over the city
3 men are missin' I heard a warder cry
It must have been a bird that flew into the prison
Or one of these new ministers says
The warder in the joy

Early one mornin' as the branchmen were sleepin'
A little helicopter it flew across the sky
And down into the yard where some prisoners were walkin'
Get ready for inspection said
The warder in the joy

And its up like a bird and its over the city
3 men are missin' I heard a warder cry
It must have been a bird that flew into the prison
Or one of these new ministers says
The warder in the joy

Over in the Dáil they were drinkin' gin and brandy
The minister for justice was soakin' up the sun
When along came the news that some prisoners were escapin'
I think its 3 of the provos said
The warder in the joy

And its up like a bird and its over the city
3 men are missin' I heard a warder cry
It must have been a bird that flew into the prison
Or one of these new ministers says
The warder in the joy

We'll search every home search every nook and cranny
Let no man rest until these men are found
For this cannot happen to a law and order government
I think you'll never find them said
The warder in the joy

Farewell to Bargy’s lofty towers, my father’s own estate
And farewell to its lovely bowers, my own ancestral seat
Farewell each friend and neighbour, that once I well knew there
My tenants now will miss the hand that fostered them with care

Farewell to Cornelius Grogan, and to Kelly ever true
John Coakley and good Father Roche, receive my last adieu
And fare-thee-well bold Esmond Kyan, though proud oppression’s laws
Forbid us to lay down our lives, still we bless the holy cause

Farewell my brave United men, who dearly with me fought
Though tyrant might has conquered right, full dearly was it bought
And when the sun of freedom shall again upon you shine
Oh, then let Bagenal Harvey’s name array your battle line

Although perchance it may be my fate, in Wexford town to die
Oh, bear my body to the tomb wherin my fathers lie
And have the solemn service read, in Mayglass holy towers
And have twelve young maids from Bargyside, to scatter my grave with flowers

So farewell to Bargy’s lofty towers, since from you I must part
A stranger now may call you his, which with sorrow fills my heart
But when at last fate shall decree that Ireland should be free
Then Bagenal Harvey’s rightful heirs shall be returned to thee

As I walk the road from Kilashandra, weary eyes are down
for it's twelve long miles around the lake to get to Cavan Town
lough after on the road I go, one scene beyond compare
and I curse the time it takes to reach my Cavan girl so fair

now the autumn shades are on the leave, the trees will soon be bare
each red hued leaf around me seems the color of her hair
my gaze retreats, defies my feet and once again I sigh
for each broken blue around seems the colour of her eyes

at the Cavan Cross each Sunday morning, there she can be found
and it seems she has the eye of every boy in Cavan Town
if my luck will hold, I'll catch the golden Summer of her smile
and I'll break the hearts of Cavan men for she'll talk with me awhile

so next Sunday evening finds me homeward, Kilashandra bound
to work a week 'till I return to court in Cavan Town
when asked if she would be my wife at least she's not said no
so next Sunday early, 'rouse myself, and back to her I'll go

When winter was brawling, o'er high hills and mountains
And dark were the clouds o'er the deep rolling sea,
I spied a wee lass as the daylight was dawning
She was asking the road to sweet Carnlough Bay.

I said,"My fair lass, I surely will tell ye
The number of miles or how far it might be
But if you'll consent I'll convoy you a wee bit
And I'll show you the road to sweet Carnlough Bay.

You turn to the right and pass down by the churchyard
Cross over the river and down by the sea;
We'll call in Pat Hamill's and have a wee drop there
Just to help us along to sweet Carnlough Bay.

Here's a health to Pat Hamill likewise the dear lassie
And to every laddie that's listening to me
And ne'er turn your back on a bonnie young lassie
When she's asking the road to sweet Carnlough Bay.

'Twas down by Brannigan's Corner, one morning I did stray
I met a fellow rebel, and to me he did say
"We've orders from the captain to assemble at Drumbar
But how are we to get there, without a motor car?"

"Oh, Barney dear, be of good cheer, I'll tell you what we'll do
The Specials they are plentiful and the IRA are few
We'll send a wire to Johnston to meet us at Stranorlar
And we'll give the boys a bloody good ride in Johnston's Motor Car

When Doctor Johnston heard the news he soon put on his shoes
He says this is an urgent case, there is no time to lose
He then put on his castor hat and on his breast a star
You could hear the din all through Glenfin of Johnston's motor car

But when he got to the railway bridge, some rebels he saw there
Old Johnston knew the game was up, for at him they did stare
He said "I have a permit, to travel near and far"
"To hell with your English permit, we want your motor car."

"What will my loyal brethren think, when they hear the news
My car it has been commandeered, by the rebels at Dunluce?"
"We'll give you a receipt for it, all signed by Captain Barr
And when Ireland gets her freedom, you'll get your motor car."

Well we put that car in motion and filled it to the brim
With guns and bayonets shining which made old Johnston grim
And Barney hoisted a Sinn Féin flag, and it fluttered like a star
And we gave three cheers for the IRA and Johnston's Motor Car

In 19 hundred and 16 the forces of the crown
To take the orange white and green Bombarded Dublin town
But in 21 Britannia's sons were forced to earn their pay

And the black and tans
Like lightning ran
From the rifles of the IRA

They burned their way through Munster and Laid Lienster on the rack
In Caugnaught and in ulster march the men of brown and black
They shot down wives and children in their own heroic way

And the black and tans
Like lightning ran
From the rifles of the IRA

They hanged young Kevin Barry high a lad of 18 years
Cork cities flames lit up the sky but the brave boys knew no fear
The cork brigade with hand grenades in ambush waiting lay

And the black and tans
Like lightning ran
From the rifles of the IRA

The tans were got taken out and shot by the brave and the valiant few
Sean Treacey, Denny Lacey and Tom Barry's gallant crew
Though we're not free yet, we won't forget until our dying day

How the black and tans like lightning ran
From the rifles of the IRA

Come all you warriors and renowned nobles
Give ear unto my warlike theme
While I relate how brave Father Murphy
He lately roused from his sleepy dream
Sure Julius Caesar nor Alexander
Nor brave King Arthur ever equalled him
For armies formidable he did conquer
Though with two pikemen he did begin

Camolin cavalry he did unhorse them
Their first lieutenant he cut him down
With shattered ranks and with broken columns
They soon returned to Camolin town
At the hill of Oulart he displayed his valour
Where a hundred Corkmen lay on the plain
At Enniscorthy his sword he wielded
And I hope to see him once more again

When Enniscorthy became subject unto him
Twas then to Wexford we marched our men
And on the Three Rock took up our quarters
Waiting for daylight the town to win
The loyal townsmen gave their assistance
We will die or conquer they all did say
The yeomen cavalry made no resistance,
For on the pavement their corpses lay

With drums a-beating the town did echo
And acclamations came from door to door
On the Windmill Hill we pitched our tents then
We drank like heroes but paid no score
On Carraig Rua for some time we waited
And next to Gorey we did repair
At Tubberneering we thought no harm
The bloody army was waiting there

The issue of it was a close engagement
While on the soldiers we played warlike pranks
Through the sheepwalks, hedgerows and shady thickets
There were mangled bodies and broken ranks
The shuddering cavalry, I can't forget them
We raised the brushes on their helmets straight
They turned about and made straight for Dublin
As though they ran for a ten pound plate

Now, some crossed Donnybrook and more through Blackrock
And some up Shankhill without wound or flaw
And if Barry Lawless be not a liar
There was more went groaning up Luggela
To the Windmill Hill of Enniscorthy,
The British Fencibles they fled like deers
But our ranks were tattered and sorely scattered
By the loss o Kyan and his Shelamaliers

The streets of England were left quite naked
Of all their army both foot and horse
The Highlands Scotland were left unguarded
Likewise the Hessians the seas did cross
But if the Frenchmen had reinforced us
And landed transports at Baginbun
Father John Murphy, he would be their seconder
And sixteen thousand with him would come

Success attend you sweet County Wexford
Threw off the yoke and to battle run
Let them not think we gave up our arms
For every man still has a pike and gun

'Twas early early all in the Spring
the birds did whistle and sweetly sing
changing their notes from tree to tree
and the song they sang was old Ireland Free

"twas early early all in the night
the yeoman cavalry gave me a freight
the yeoman cavalry was my downfall
and taken was I by Lord Cornwall

As I went walkin' up Wexford Hill
oh who would blame me to cry my fill
I looked behind and I looked before
my aged mother I shall see no more

As I went walkin' up Wexford Street
my own first cousin I chanced to meet
my own first cousin did me betray
and for one bare Guinnea sold my life away

As I was mounted on the platform high
my aged Father I chanced to spy
My aged Father did me deny
and the name he gave was the Croppy Boy

It's in Dungannon where this young man died
and in Dungannon where his body lies
so all good people who do pass by
do drop a tear for the Croppy Boy

The struggle is over, the boys are defeated
Old Ireland's surrounded with sadness and gloom
We were defeated and shamefuIIy treated
And I, Robert Emmet, awaiting my doom

Hung, drawn and quartered, sure that was my sentence
But soon I will show them no coward am I
My crime is the love of the land I was born in
A hero I lived and a hero I'll die

Bold Robert Emmet, the darling of Ireland
Bold Robert Emmet will die with a smile
Farewell companions both loyal and daring
I'll lay down my life for the Emerald Isle

The barque lay at anchor awaiting to bring me
Over the billows to the land of the free
But I must see my sweetheart for I know she will cheer me
And with her I will sail far over the sea

Bold Robert Emmet, the darling of Ireland
Bold Robert Emmet will die with a smile
Farewell companions both loyal and daring
I'll lay down my life for the Emerald Isle

But I was arrested and cast into prison
Tried as a traitor, a rebel, a spy
But no man can call me a knave or a coward
A hero I lived and a hero I'll die

Bold Robert Emmet, the darling of Ireland
Bold Robert Emmet will die with a smile
Farewell companions both loyal and daring
I'll lay down my life for the Emerald Isle

Hark! I the bell's tolling, I well know its meaning
My poor heart tells me it is my death knell
In come the clergy, the warder is leading
I have no friends here to bid me farewell
Goodbye, old Ireland, my parents and sweetheart
Companions in arms to forget you must try
I am proud of the honour, it was only my duty
A hero I lived and a hero I'll die

By Memory inspired,
And love of country fired,
The deeds of men I love to dwell upon;
And the patriotic glow
Of my spirits must bestow
A tribute to O’Connell that is gone, boys—gone:
Here’s a memory to the friends that are gone!

In October Ninety-seven—
May his soul find rest in Heaven—
William Orr to execution was led on:
The jury, drunk, agreed
That Irish was his creed;
For perjury and threats drove them on, boys—on:
Here’s the memory of John Mitchell that is gone!

In Ninety-eight—the month July—
The informer’s pay was high;
When Reynolds gave the gallows brave MacCann;
But MacCann was Reynolds’ first—
One could not allay his thirst;
So he brought up Bond and Byrne, that are gone, boys—gone:
Here’s the memory of the friends that are gone!

We saw a nation’s tears
Shed for John and Henry Shears;
Betrayed by Judas, Captain Armstrong;
We may forgive, but yet
We never can forget
The poisoning of Maguire that is gone, boys—gone:
Our high Star and true Apostle that is gone!

How did Lord Edward die?
Like a man, without a sigh;
But he left his handiwork on Major Swan!
But Sirr, with steel-clad breast,
And coward heart at best,
Left us cause to mourn Lord Edward that is gone, boys—gone:
Here’s the memory of our friends that are gone!

September, Eighteen-three,
Closed this cruel history,
When Emmet’s blood the scaffold flowed upon:
Oh, had their spirits been wise,
They might then realise
Their freedom, but we drink to Mitchell that is gone, boys—gone:
Here’s the memory of the friends that are gone!

In 19 hundred and 16 the forces of the crown
To take the orange white and green Bombarded Dublin town
But in 21 Britannia's sons were forced to earn their pay

And the black and tans
Like lightning ran
From the rifles of the IRA

They burned their way through Munster and Laid Lienster on the rack
In Caugnaught and in ulster march the men of brown and black
They shot down wives and children in their own heroic way

And the black and tans
Like lightning ran
From the rifles of the IRA

They hanged young Kevin Barry high a lad of 18 years
Cork cities flames lit up the sky but the brave boys knew no fear
The cork brigade with hand grenades in ambush waiting lay

And the black and tans
Like lightning ran
From the rifles of the IRA

The tans were got taken out and shot by the brave and the valiant few
Sean Treacey, Denny Lacey and Tom Barry's gallant crew
Though we're not free yet, we won't forget until our dying day

How the black and tans like lightning ran
From the rifles of the IRA

Oh it is the biggest mix-up that you have ever seen
My father he was orange and my mother she was green

Oh my father was an Ulsterman, proud Protestant was he
My mother was a Catholic girl, from County Cork was she
They were married in two churches, lived happily enough
Until the day that I was born and things got rather tough

Oh it is the biggest mix-up that you have ever seen
My father he was orange and my mother she was green

Baptised by father Reilly, I was rushed away by car
To be made a little orangeman, my father's shining star
I was christened David Anthony, but still in spite of that
To my father I was William while my mother called me Pat

Oh it is the biggest mix-up that you have ever seen
My father he was orange and my mother she was green

With mother every Sunday to mass I'd proudly stroll
Then after that the orange lads would try to save my soul
For both sides tried to claim me, but I was smart because
I played the flute or played the harp, depending where I was

Oh it is the biggest mix-up that you have ever seen
My father he was orange and my mother she was green

One day my ma's relations came round to visit me
Just as my father's kinfolk were all sittin' down to tea
We tried to smooth things over, but they all began to fight
And me being strictly neutral, I bashed everyone in sight

Oh it is the biggest mix-up that you have ever seen
My father he was orange and my mother she was green

Now my parents never could agree about my type of school
My learning was all done at home, that's why I'm such a fool
They both passed on, god rest them, but left me caught between
That awful color problem of the orange and the green

Oh it is the biggest mix-up that you have ever seen
My father he was orange and my mother she was green

Yes it is the biggest mix-up that you have ever seen
My father he was orange and my mother she was green

Now Delaney had a donkey that everyone admired, 
Tempo'rily lazy and permanently tired 
A leg at ev'ry corner balancing his head, 
and a tail to let you know which end he wanted to be fed 
Riley slyly said ""We've underrated it, 
why not train it?" Then he took a rag 
They rubbed it, scrubbed it, they oiled and embrocated it, 
got it to the post and when the starter dropped his flag 

There was Riley pushing it, shoving it, shushing it 
Hogan, Logan and ev'ryone in town 
lined up attacking it and shoving it and smacking it 
They might as well have tried to push the Town Hall down 
The donkey was eyeing them, openly defying them 
Winking, blinking and twisting out of place 
Riley reversing it, ev'rybody cursing it 
The day Delaney's donkey ran the halfmile race 

The muscles of the mighty never known to flinch, 
they couldn't budge the donkey a quarter of an inch 
Delaney lay exhausted, hanging round its throat 
with a grip just like a Scotchman on a five pound note 
Starter, Carter, he lined up with the rest of 'em. 
When it saw them, it was willing then 
It raced up, braced up, ready for the best of 'em. 
They started off to cheer it but it changed its mind again 

There was Riley pushing it, shoving it and shushing it 
Hogan, Logan and Mary Ann Macgraw, 
she started poking it, grabbing it and choking it 
It kicked her in the bustle and it laughed ""Hee - Haw!"" 
The whigs, the conservatives, radical superlatives 
Libr'rals and tories, they hurried to the place 
Stood there in unity, helping the community 
The day Delaney's donkey ran the halfmile race 

The crowd began to cheer it. Then Rafferty, the judge 
he came to assist them, but still it wouldn't budge 
The jockey who was riding, little John MacGee, 
was so thoroughly disgusted that he went to have his tea 
Hagan, Fagan was students of psychology, 
swore they'd shift it with some dynamite 
They bought it, brought it, then without apology 
the donkey gave a sneeze and blew the darn stuff out of sight 

There was Riley pushing it, shoving it and shushing it 
Hogan, Logan and all the bally crew, 
P'lice, and auxil'ary, the Garrison Artillery 
The Second Enniskillen's and the Life Guards too 
They seized it and harried it, they picked it up and carried it 
Cheered it, steered it to the winning place 
Then the Bookies drew aside, they all commited suicide 
Well, the day Delaney's donkey won the halfmile race"

When I was young, I used to be
As fine a man as ever you'd see
'til the Prince of Wales, he said to me
Come and join the British army

Too-ra loo-ra loo-ra loo
They're lookin' for monkeys up in the zoo
And since when have I had a face like you?
I'd join the British army

Sarah Comden baked a cake
It's all for poor old Slattery's sake
She threw meself into the lake
Pretendin' I was balmy

Too-ra loo-ra loo-ra loo
I've made me mind up what to do
Now I'll work me ticket home to you
And *pfft* the British army

Sergeant Heeley went away

And his wife got in the family way
And the only words that she could say
Was blame the British army

Too-ra loo-ra loo-ra loo
Me curse upon the Labour blue
That took me darlin' boy from me
To join the British army

Corporal Sheen's a turn o' the 'bout
Just give him a couple o' jars o' stout
He'll bake the enemy with his mouth
And save the British army

Too-ra loo-ra loo-ra loo
I've made me mind up what to do
Now I'll work me ticket home to you
And *pluck* the British army

In Derry's hills they mourn a son
Brave an Irish soldier's gone
That fairly kind still bonds on
For Hughes lives on forever

Freedom's dawn has come at last
Judgement for injustice past
Your tyranny it's dying fast
While Hughes lives on forever

A guardian from the hills and dales
Tyrone and Derry loved him well
And tortured in an H- Block cell
Hughes lives on forever

The spurge of Ireland's enemies
The SAS and RUC
And conquered still your spirits free
For Hughes lives on forever

Francis Hughes you're with us yet
Your moral we shall not forget
They feared you then they fear you yet
For Hughes lives on forever

The pale moon was rising above the green mountain
the sun was declining beneath the blue sea
when I strayed with my love to the pure crystal fountain
that stands in the beautiful vale of Tralee

She was lovely and fair as the rose of the summer
but 'twas not her beauty alone that won me
Oh no was the truth in her eyes ever dawning
that made me love Mary, the Rose of Tralee

The cool shades of evening their mantels were spreading
and Mary all smiling was listening to me
the moon thru the valley her pale rays were spreading
when I won the heart of the Rose of Tralee

She was lovely and fair as the rose of the summer
but 'twas not her beauty alone that won me
Oh no was the truth in her eyes ever dawning
that made me love Mary, the Rose of Tralee

These hands aren't the hands of a gentleman
These hands are calloused and old
These hands raised a family, these hands built a home
Now these hands raised to praise the Lord

These hands won the heart of my loved one
And with hers they were never alone
If these hands filled their task then what more could you ask
For these fingers have worked to the bone

Now don't try to judge me by what you'd like me be
For my life hasn't been a success
Some people have power but still they grieve
While these hands brought me happiness

Now I'm tired and I'm old and I haven't much gold
Maybe things ain't been all that I planned
Lord above hear my plea when it's time to judge me
Take a look at these hard working hands

Take a look at these hard working hands

If you ever go to Ireland I'm sure you will agree
To take the road from Dublin town way down to Doonaree
'Tis there you'll find a wishing well beyond a chestnut tree
In a shady nook, by a winding brook
Will you make this wish for me
Oh to be in Doonaree with the sweetheart I once knew
To stroll in the shade of the leafy glade where the rhododendrons grew
To sit with my love on the bridge above the rippling waterfall
But to go back home never more to roam is my dearest wish of all

And if you take the hilly path to the woods where bluebells grow
Where we as barefoot children played so many years ago
You'll find a slumbering castle there enshrined in memory
In a shady nook, by a winding brook
Will you make this wish for me
Oh to be in Doonaree with the sweetheart I once knew
To stroll in the shade of the leafy glade where the rhododendrons grew
To sit with my love on the bridge above the rippling waterfall
But to go back home never more to roam is my dearest wish of all
To go back home never more to roam is my dearest wish of all

Back home never more to roam is my dearest wish of all

Oh see the fleet foot host of men who sped with faces wan
from Farmsead and from Fisher's Scot down to the Banks of Bann
They come with vengeance in their eyes too last, too late are they
for young Roddy McCorley goes to die on the Bridge of Taum today

up the narrow street he steps smiling proud and young
about that hemp rope 'round his neck, his golden ringlets clung
there was ne're a tear in his blue eyes, both glad and bright are they
for young Roddy McCorley goes to die on the Bridge of Taum today

when he last stepped up that street, his shining pike in hand
behind him marches in grim array a stalward honest band
for Antrim Town, for Antrim Town, he led them to the fray
for young Roddy McCorley goes to die on the Bridge of Taum today

There was ne're a one of all your dead so bravely fell in fray
as he who marches to his death on the bridge of Taum today
true to the last, true to the last, he treads the upward way
and young Roddy McCorley goes to die on the Bridge of Taum today

A hungry feeling, came o'er me stealing
And the mice were squealing in my prison cell
And the auld triangle, went jingle jangle
All along the banks of the Royal Canal

To begin the morning, a screw was bawling
Get up you bowsie, and clean up your cell
And the auld triangle, went jingle jangle
All along the banks of the Royal Canal

The lags were sleeping, humpy Gussy was creeping
As I lay there weeping for my girl Sal
And the auld triangle, went jingle jangle
All along the banks of the Royal Canal

Up in the female prison, there are seventy five women
'Tis among them I wish I did dwell
Then the auld triangle, could go jingle jangle
All along the banks of the Royal Canal
All along the banks of the Royal Canal

Try to sing some songs of glory,
Sing some songs of peace,
But in the end it's the same old story,
They're both so hard to reach.
People tell me they're sick and they're tired,
Of seeing this place run down,
Well I say: "Take off those blindfolds, you hypocrites,
And help get us off the ground."

And please say it isn't so,
Why Willie and Danny had to go,
The reason's very clear,
They're laying down their lives for us year after year.

Seventy shots between their bodies,
Not one of those bullets missed,
But for every trigger pulled that morning,
A volunteer, he will enlist.

For five long hours they left them lying there,
The priest was turned away,
So another step lower for those SAS bastards,
We'll never forget that day.

And please say it isn't so,
Why Willie and Danny had to go,
The reason's very clear,
They're laying down their lives for us year after year.

Oh, the funerals were to prove their worthiness,
Thousands, they thronged the routes,
Just to watch the Borstel Boys they hovered helplessly overhead,
As the 'RA came out to salute.
Oh, they emptied their magazines over each coffin,
As defiantly the crowds were sent,
So another day dawns and the guns will be out again,
'Cause Willie and Danny had friends.

And please say it isn't so,
Why Willie and Danny had to go,
The reason's very clear,
They're laying down their lives for us year after year.

Please say it isn't so,
Why Willie and Danny, they had to go,
Yes, the reason's very clear,
They're laying down their lives for us year after year.

Please say it isn't so

They wouldn't hear your music and your paintings they pulled down,
they wouldn't read your writings and they banned you from town.
But they couldn't stop you thinking and a victory you've won,
for you've sowed the seed of freedom in your daughters and your sons.

In your daughters and your sons, in your daughters and your sons,
sowed the seeds of freedom in your daughters and your sons.

Your weary smile it proudly hides the chain marks on your hands,
as you bravely strive to realize the rights of every man.
Though your bodys bent and low, a victory you've won,
for you've sowed the seed of justice in your daughters and your sons.

In your daughters and your sons, in your daughters and your sons,
sowed the seeds of freedom in your daughters and your sons.

I don't know your religion gut one day I heard you pray,
for a world where everyone could work and children they could play.
Though you never realized a victory you've won,
for you've sowed the seed of equality in your daughters and your sons.

In your daughters and your sons, in your daughters and your sons,
sowed the seeds of freedom in your daughters and your sons.

They tortured you in Belfast and they taunted you in Spain
and in that Warsaw ghetto they tied you up in chains.
In Vietnam and Chile they came with tanks and guns,
It's there you sowed the seed of Peace in your daughters and your sons.

In your daughters and your sons, in your daughters and your sons,
sowed the seeds of freedom in your daughters and your sons.

Now your music's playing and the writing's on the wall
and all the dreams you've painted can be seen by one and all.
Now you've got them thinking and a victory you've won,
for you've sowed the seed of freedom in your daughters and your sons.

In your daughters and your sons, in your daughters and your sons,
sowed the seeds of freedom in your daughters and your sons.

O a comical genius was thinking one day
How he'd jack up his job and receive handy pay
He did not like begging and work was too hard
So he got a bright notion to join up the guard
Diddly-i-dum diidly-i-dum diddly-i-dum dum day

Well he went up to Dublin, to the depot went in
Got a new suit of blue as bright as new pins
They drilt him, they drilt him, they drilt him so hard
The old sergeant proclaimed him a full fledged guard
Diddly-i-dum diidly-i-dum diddly-i-dum dum day

He was stationed somewhere near the town of Athy
On the roads of the district he kept a close eye
The girls they admired him as all brassers do
Fell in love with the guard and his new suit of blue
Diddly-i-dum diidly-i-dum diddly-i-dum dum day

Well the girls they would wink and they'd nod as he passed
O but this itchy guard had his eye on one lass
And this little colleen, she being a die-hard
She made it quite clear that she wanted no guard
Diddly-i-dum diidly-i-dum diddly-i-dum dum day

Well one time while on duty on a cold winter's night
Sure he caught her out cycling without any light
Where's your light, miss? says he; for an answer says she
It's next to me liver, where you'll never be
Diddly-i-dum diidly-i-dum diddly-i-dum dum day

When apples still grow in November,
When blossoms still grow from each tree,
When leaves are still green in December,
It's then that our land will be free.
I've wandered her hills and her valleys,
And still through my sorrow I see,
A land that has never known freedom,
And only our rivers run free.

I drink to the death of her manhood
Those men who'd rather have died
Than to live in the cold chains of bondage
To bring back their rights were denied.
Oh, where are you now that we need you,
What burns where the flame used to be
Are you gone like the snow of last winter
And only our rivers run free

How sweet is life, but we're crying
How mellow the wine, but we're dry.
How fragrant the rose, but it's dying
How gentle the wind, but it sighs.
What good is in youth when it's aging?
What good is in eyes that can't see?
Whem there's sorrow in sunshine and flowers
And only our rivers run free.

Near Aranmore in the County Galway
One pleasant evening in the month of May
I spied a damsel, she was young and handsome
Her beauty fair stole my heart away

She wore no jewels nor costly diamonds
No paint or powder, no none at all
She wore a bonnet with a ribbon on it
And round her shoulder was the Galway Shawl

We kept on walking, she kept on talking
Till her father’s cottage came into view
Said she ‘Come in sir, and meet my father
And for to please him play the ‘Foggy Dew’

I played the ‘Blackbird’ and the ‘Stack of Barley’
‘Rodney’s Glory’ and the ‘Foggy Dew’
She sang each note like an Irish linnet
And the tears flowed in her eyes of blue

She wore no jewels nor costly diamonds
No paint or powder, no none at all
She wore a bonnet with a ribbon on it
And round her shoulder was the Galway Shawl

‘Twas early, early, all in the morning
I hit the road for old Donegal
Said she ‘Goodbye sir’, as she cried and left me
And my heart remained with the Galway Shawl.

She wore no jewels nor costly diamonds
No paint or powder, no none at all
She wore a bonnet with a ribbon on it
And round her shoulder was the Galway Shawl

A great crowd had gathered outside of Kilmeinhem,
With their heads uncovered they knelt on the ground.
From inside that grim prison lay a brave Irish soldier,
His life for his country about to lay down.

He went to his death like a true son of Ireland,
The firing party he bravely did face,
Then the order rang out: "Present Arms, Fire!"
James Connolly fell into a ready-made grave.

The black flag they hoisted the cruel deed was over,
Gone was the man who loved Ireland so well.
There was many a sad heart in Dublin that morning,
When they murdered James Connolly, the Irish Rebel!.

God's curse on you, England, you cruel-hearted monster
Your deeds they would shame all the devils in hell.
There are no flowers blooming but the shamrock is growing
On the grave of James Connolly, the Irish Rebel!.

Many years have rolled by since that Irish rebellion,
When the guns of Britannia they loudly did speak.
The bold I.R.A. they stood shoulder to shoulder,
And the blood from their bodies flowed down Sackville Street.

The Four Courts of Dublin the English bombarded,
The spirit of Freedom they tried hard to quell.
For above all the din rose the cry 'No Surrender,'
'Twas the voice of James Connolly, the Irish Rebel.

I'll sing you of an army brave who fights from the cradle to the grave
The people they'll no longer slay for the INLA freedom fighters.
Followers of Connolly they fight to bring us liberty,
Socialism we might see with the INLA freedom fighters.
"Saoirse Go Deo" is our cry! The Starry Plough our flag flies high!
England's tyranny we defy! Were the INLA freedom fighters!

Rising throughout the land Connolly in head: gun in hand,
The working class will take a stand with the INLA freedom fighters,
Fighting for the working class, the priest condemns us at the Mass,
But this will not turn us from our task as the INLA freedom fighters.
To meet the Tory tyrants greed, a volunteer a bomb did leave,
To kill the imperial Airey Neave 'twas they the freedom fighters!

Murder, torture, imprisonment, our movement is still not spent,
We vow to make our foes relent were the INLA freedom fighters.
The Brits try to criminalise our comrades, who on The Blanket lie,
Make sure that the fight does not subside; were the INLA freedom fighters.
Captured guerrillas to jail are sent, prisoners of war, their time is spent,
With heads unbowed and knees unbent - one broken freedom fighter.

The news in 1981 a hunger strike for rights begun,
But an empty victory was won for all the freedom fighters.
At British hands died Bobby Sands, McCreesh and Hughes for the Five Demands,
OHaras death our symbol stands, were the INLA freedom fighters.
Aye on beneath our banners high, to avenge our comrades who have died,
Let the fight go on as Patsy said for the INLA freedom fighters.

I'll sing you of an army brave who fights from the cradle to the grave
The people they'll no longer slay for the INLA freedom fighters.
Followers of Connolly they fight to bring us liberty,
Socialism we might see with the INLA freedom fighters.
"Saoirse Go Deo" is our cry! The Starry Plough our flag flies high!
England's tyranny we defy! We're the INLA freedom fighters!

Last night as I lay dreamin' of pleasant days gone by
Me mind been bent on ramblin' to Ireland I did fly
I stepped on board a vision and I followed with a will
when at last I came to anchor at the cross at Spancil Hill

It was on the twenty third of June the day before the fair
where Ireland's sons and daughters and friends assembled there
the young, the old, the brave and the bold came their duty to fulfill
at the little church at Clooney a mile from Spancil Hill

I went to see my neighbors to see what they might say
the old ones they were dead and gone the young ones turnin' grey
I met with Tailor Quigley, he's as bold as ever still
for he used to make me breeches when I lived in Spancil Hill

I paid a flying visit to my first and only love
she's as white as any lilly and as gentle as a dove
she threw her arms around me sayin', "Johnny, I love you still!"
she's Ned the farmer's daughter and the pride of Spancil Hill

I dreamt I hugged and kissed her as in the days of yore
she said, "Johnny, you're only jokin' as manys the times before!"
the cock he crew in the mornin' he crewed so loud and shrill
and I was back in California many miles from Spancil Hill

There were six men in Birmingham 
In Guildford there's four 
That were picked up and tortured 
And framed by the law 
And the filth got promotion 
But they're still doing time 
For being Irish in the wrong place 
And at the wrong time 

In Ireland they'll put you away in the Maze 
In England they'll keep you for several long days 
God help you if ever you're caught on these shores 
And the coppers need someone 
And they walk through that door 

You'll be counting years 
First five, then ten 
Growing old in a lonely hell 
Round the yard and the stinking cell 
From wall to wall, and back again 

A curse on the judges, the coppers and screws 
Who tortured the innocent, wrongly accused, 
For the price of promotion 
And justice to sell 
May the judged be their judges when they rot down in hell 

May the whores of the empire lie awake in their beds 
And sweat as they count out the sins on their heads 
While over in Ireland eight more men lie dead 
Kicked down and shot in the back of the head

'Twas the feast of Saint Patrick
By the dawn of the day;
The hills of Tirconnaill
Stood sombre and grey;
When the first light of morning
Illumined the sky,
Four brave Irish soldiers
Were led forth to die.

Three left their loved homes
In Kerry's green vales,
And one came from Derry
To fight for the Gael.
But instead of true friends,
They met traitor and foe
And uncoffined were laid
In the woods of Drumboe.

Four Republican soldiers
Were dragged from their cells
Where for months they had suffered
Wild torments like hell's.
No mercy they asked
From their pitiless foe
And no mercy was shown
by the thugs at Drumboe.

The church bells rang out
In the clear morning air
To summon the faithful
To penance and prayer,
When a crash from the woodlands
Struck terror and woe
'Twas the death knell of Daly
Shot dead at Drumboe.

Let Tirconaill ne'er boast
Of her honour and fame;
All the waters of Finn Could not wash out her shame;
While the Finn and the Swilly
Continue to flow,
That stain will remain on
The woods of Drumboe.

In Bodenstown churchyard, there is a green grave
And wildly around it the winter winds rave
Small shelter I wean, are the ruined walls there
When the storm clouds sweeps down from the plains of Kildare

Once I lay on that sod that lies over Wolfe Tone
And thought how he perished in prison alone
His friends unavenged and his country unfreed
“Oh bitter” I said “is the patriot’s mead”

For in him the heart of a woman combined
With a heroic life and a governing mind
A martyr for Ireland, his grave has no stone
His name seldom named, and his virtues unknown

I was woke from my dream by the voices and tread
Of a band who came into the home of the dead
They carried no corpse and they carried no stone,
And they stopped when they came to the grave of Wolfe Tone

There were students and peasants, the wise and the brave
And an old man who knew him from cradle to grave
And children who thought me hard hearted, for they
On that sanctified sod, were forbidden to play

But the old man who saw I was mourning there, said
“We come sir, to weep where young Wolfe Tone is laid
And we’re going to raise him a monument too
A plain one, yet fit for the simple and true”

My heart overflowed and I clasped his old hand
I blessed him, and blessed every one of his band
“Sweet, sweet ’tis to find that such faith can remain
To the cause and the man so long vanquished and slain”

In Bodenstown churchyard, there is a green grave
And freely around it, let the winter winds rave
Far better thay suit him, the ruin and the gloom
Till Ireland, a nationa, can buld him a tomb

Well I have been a Provo now for 15 years or more
with armalites and mortorbombs I thought I knew the score
But now we have a weapon, we've never used before
The Brits are looking worried - and their going to worry more!

Tiocfaidh Ar La, sing Up the Ra
SAM Missiles in the sky

I started off with petrol bombs and throwing bricks and stones
With a hundred more lads like me I never was alone
But soon I learned that bricks and stones won't drive the Brits away
It wasn't very long before I joined the IRA

Then there came Internment in the year of '71
The Brits thought we were beaten, that we were on the run
On that early August morning they kicked in our back door
but for every man they took away, they missed a hundred more

I spent eight years in the cages, I had time to think and plan
for though they locked away a boy, I walked out a man
and there's only one thing that I learned while in their cell I lay
the Brits will never leave us, until they're blown away!

All through the days of hunger strike I watched my comrades die
while in the streets of Belfast you could hear the women cry
I can't forget the massacre that Friday at Loughgall
I salute my fallen comrades, as I watch the coppers fall

Kevin Lynch is my name from Derry I came
To this cold H-Block cell
My country free I long to see
An end to this grey hell
It's merely five years I've faced my fears
We went on hunger strike
Took on the British Empire
With their soldiers their guns their might

With Sands and Hughes we got the news
We had the upper hand
But Thatcher would not leave us
All she wanted was our land
McCreesh and Patsy died side by side
On twenty first of May
I knew that then I must join in
To see Ireland free one day

I'd wish to be rid of my prison cell
I often wonder so
If I'll ever be a free man
Or feel the summer wind blow
Now my time it has come
I know I cannot return
To the friends and comrades I'd loved
To my dear old Derry home

With Kieran Doherty next to me
I will not die alone
Over too much long-lived lasting strife
But he will not give in
The strength that keeps me living on
The spirit that lives within
That is why we must fight on
For our freedom we must live

But now I must go I have battled the foe
And paid the ultimate price
Before I leave just listen close
I'll give you some advice
When Ireland's free and our flag flies high
I'll know my task is done
For until then remember the tale
And soon our land will be won

I had a true love, if ever a girl had one 
I had a true love, a brave lad was he 
One fine Easter morning, with his gallant comrades 
He started away for to set Ireland free. 

cho: All round my hat, I'll wear the tri-colored ribbon 
All 'round my hat I'll wear the green white and gold; 
And if anyone should ask me the reason that I'm wearing it 
It's for my true love (I never more shall see) or (in the I.R.A.) 

He whispered, "Goodbye, love, Old Ireland is calling 
High over Dublin the tricolour flies; 
In the streets of the city, the foeman is falling 
And wee birds are singing, "Old Ireland, arise!" 

His bandolier 'round him, his bright eyes a-shining 
His short service rifle, a beauty to see, 
There was joy in his eyes, though he left me behind him 
And started away for to set Ireland free. 

[My true love is a soldier, he's fighting for old Ireland 
His short service rifle is a wonder to see; 
And as the moon was declining, he left me repining 
His bright bayonet shining, to keep old Ireland free.] 

or: 
All around my hat I wear the tricolor ribbon 
All around my hat, until death comes to me 
And if anybody's asking why do I wear it 
It's all for my true love, I never more shall see. 

In prayer and in waiting, the dark days passed over 
The roar of the guns brought no messge to me 
I prayed for Old Ireland, I prayed for my true love 
That he might be safe and Old Ireland be free. 

The struggle is ended, they brought me the story 
The last whispered message he sent unto me, 
I was true to the land, love, I fought for her glory 
And gave up my life for to keep Old Ireland free. 

I have travelled all 'round Ireland
From Dublin to Mayo
From Donegal to Kerry, from Leitrim to Sligo
But in all the miles I've travelled
All the roads that I've been down
There's one place I remember best
That's dear old Galway Town

If you ever go to Galway
And just walk down by the sea
I'm sure you will understand
Why it means so much to me
You see the smiling faces
Of the people all around
I'll not forget the folks I met
In dear old Galway Town   

When I go across to England
And meet the people there
There some from Cork and Wexford
And others are from Clare
Each one of them are friendly
But I have always found
You could not meet more nicer folk
Than those from Galway town

On the Fourth of July, 1806
We set sail from the sweet Cove of Cork
We were sailing away with a cargo of bricks
For the Grand City Hall in New York
'Twas a wonderful craft, she was rigged fore and aft
And oh, how the wild wind drove her
She stood several blasts, she had twenty seven masts
And they called her The Irish Rover
We had one million bags of the best Sligo rags
We had two million barrels of stone
We had three million sides of old blind horses hides
We had four million barrels of bones
We had five million hogs and six million dogs
Seven million barrels of porter
We had eight million bails of old nanny goats' tails
In the hold of the Irish Rover
There was awl Mickey Coote who played hard on his flute
When the ladies lined up for a set
He was tootin' with skill for each sparkling quadrille
Though the dancers were fluther'd and bet
With his smart witty talk, he was cock of the walk
And he rolled the dames under and over
They all knew at a glance when he took up his stance
That he sailed in The Irish Rover
There was Barney McGee from the banks of the Lee
There was Hogan from County Tyrone
There was Johnny McGurk who was scared stiff of work
And a man from Westmeath called Malone
There was Slugger O'Toole who was drunk as a rule
And fighting Bill Treacy from Dover
And your man, Mick MacCann from the banks of the Bann
Was the skipper of the Irish Rover
For a sailor it's always a bother in life
It's so lonesome by night and day
That he longs for the shore and a charming young whore
Who will melt all his troubles away
Oh, the noise and the rout swillin' poitin and stout
For him soon the torment's over
Of the love of a maid, he is never afraid
An old salt from the Irish Rover
We had sailed seven years when the measles broke out
And the ship lost its way in the fog
And that whale of a crew was reduced down to two
Just myself and the Captain's old dog
Then the ship struck a rock, oh Lord! What a shock
The bulkhead was turned right over
Turned nine times around and the poor old dog was drowned
And I'm the last of The Irish Rover

Who fears to speak of Ninety-Eight?
Who blushes at the name?
When cowards mock the patriot's fate.
Who hangs his head for shame?
He's all a knave or half a slave.
Who slights his country thus
But a true man, like you man,
Will fill your glass with us.
 
We drink the memory of the brave,
The faithful and the few -
Some lie far off beyond the wave.
Some sleep in Ireland, too;
All, all are gone - but still - lives on
The fame of those who died;
All true men, like you, men.
Remember them with pride.
 
Some on the shores of distant lands
Their weary hearts have laid,
And by the stranger's heedless hands
Their lonely graves were made.
But, though their clay be far away
Beyond the Atlantic foam,
In true men, like you men,
Their spirits' still at home.
 
The dust of some is Irish earth
Among their own they rest;
And the same land that gave them birth
Has caught them to her breast;
And we will pray that from their clay
Full many a race may start
Of true men, like you men,
To act as brave a part.
 
They rose in dark and evil days
To right their native Iand;
They kindled here a living blaze.
That nothing shall withstand.
Alas! that Might can vanquish Right -
They fell and passed away;
But true men, like you men,
Are plenty here today.
 
Then here's their memory - may it be
For us a guiding light
To cheer our strife for liberty,
And teach us to unite!
Through good and ill be Ireland's still,
Though sad as their's your fate;
And true men, be you, men,
Like those of Ninety-Eight. 

In Ireland many years ago or so the legend says
Saint Patrick roamed the hills and glens to drive the snakes away,
But now we have another another saint that's bad news for the crown
His name is "One Shot Paddy" and it's Brits that he will hound!

The brits are getting worried they've all gone underground
If 'One Shot Paddy' sees them they know they're going down
So the next time that you see the Brits with their faces full of fright
Look out for 'One Shot Paddy' and his friend called Eamon Wright!

Through the hills of South Armagh this gallant hero roams
He'll wander through the countryside he likes to call his home,
And when he finds a target he will quietly take his aim,
It is then that you will hear the crack and the Brits know who's to blame!

The brits are getting worried they've all gone underground
If 'One Shot Paddy' sees them they know they're going down
So the next time that you see the Brits with their faces full of fright
Look out for 'One Shot Paddy' and his friend called Eamon Wright!

So if you're home at night and the newsflash it is red,
Your man from South Armagh's at work – another soldier dead,
And when it comes to celebrate Saint Patrick's day cheer,
Remember 'One Shot Paddy' and the gallant IRA!

The brits are getting worried they've all gone underground
If 'One Shot Paddy' sees them they know they're going down
So the next time that you see the Brits with their faces full of fright
Look out for 'One Shot Paddy' and his friend called Eamon Wright!

It hung above the kitchen fire,
Its barrel long and brown,
And one day, with a boy's desire,
I c1imbed and took it down.
My father's eyes with anger flashed,
He cried: "What have you done?
I wish you'd left it where it was
That's my old Fenian gun!"

I fondled it with love and pride;
I looked it o'er and o'er,.
I placed it on my shoulder
And I marched across the floor.
My father's anguish softened,
And he shared my boyish fun
"Ah, well," he said, "tis' in your breed,
Like that old Fenian gun !"

"I remember '67 well,"
He said, "when lads like me
All thought we'd strike another blow
To set old Ireland free.
But broken were our golden hopes;
I was long months on the run;
But it did good work for Ireland then -
That brown old Fenian gun."

"I was down then in Kilmallock -
'Twas the hottest fight of all
And you see" - he bared his arm
"There's the mark still of a ball.
I hope the young lads growing now
Will hold the ground we won,
And not disgrace the cause in which
I held that Fenian gun."

I placed it o'er the fire once more;
I heard my father sigh;
I knew his thoughts were turning back
On days now long gone by.
And then I vowed within my heart;
"I'll be my father's son.
And if ever Ireland wants my aid
I'll hold a Fenian gun."

That's years ago; I've grown a man,
And weathered many a gale,
The last long year was spent inside
A gloomy English jail.
I've done my part; I'll do it still,
Until the fight is won;
When Ireland's free we'll bless the men,
Who held a Fenian gun.

There's a tear in your eye and I'm wondering why
that it ever should be there at all
with such power in your smile sure a stone you'd beguile
and there's never a teardrop should fall
when your sweet lilting laughter's like some fairy song
and your eyes sparkle bright as can be
Oh then laugh all the while and all other times smile
and then smile a smile for me

When Irish Eyes are Smiling sure it's like a morn in spring
In the lilt of Irish laughter you can hear the angels sing
when Irish hearts are happy all the world seems bright and gay
but when Irish eyes are smiling sure they'll steal your heart away

For your smile is a part of the love in your heart,
And it makes even sunshine more bright.
Like the linnet's sweet song, crooning all the day long,
Comes your laughter and light for the springtime of life
Is the sweetest of all
There is ne'er a real care or regret; ad while springtime is ours
Throughout all of youth's hours, let us smile each chance we get.

When Irish Eyes are Smiling sure it's like a morn in spring
In the lilt of Irish laughter you can hear the angels sing
when Irish hearts are happy all the world seems bright and gay
but when Irish eyes are smiling sure they'll steal your heart away

As I was climbing into bed
At me poor granny's side
I looked out the window;
The Brits had arrived.
The house was surrounded;
They smashed the front door in.
They've come to take away
The lid of me granny's bin.

Well she opened up her window
And she clambend down the spout.
Soon her bin was rattling
To call the neighbours out.
She took out her whistle
And blew away like hell
And soon we heard an echo
As the neighbours blew as well.

With a Scream. Bang, Shout.
Rattle up a din.
Let the army know. me Girls,
The Brits is comin' in.
Now rattle up your bin lid.
Beat the message out.
Get your head down.
Whistle. Bang, Shout!

A Tommy came right upstairs
A rifle in his hand.
She kicked him with her button boots
As down the hall she ran.
Up came another one
His medal for to win
But all he got right on the gob
Was the lid of me granny's bin.

The music rose like thunder
As the bins and whistles played.
The enemy soon retreated.
They knew they'd overstayed.
It wasn't made of silver,
It wasn't made of tin.
But once again it saved us all
The lid of me granny's bin.

The English have the telly,
The radio and press;
To all communications
They've always had access.
But from Pettigo to Bellaghy
From the Bone to Castlefin,
The only way to spread the news
Is rattle your granny's bin.

Steal away, lets steal away
No reason left to stay
For me and you
Let's start a-new
And darling steal away
Let's steal away and chase some dreams
And hope they never find us
The dreary days
The empty nights
We'll leave them all behind us
Steal away, lets steal away
No reason left to stay
For me and you
Let's start a-new
And darling steal away
We'll leave behind the city streets
The gloom and desolation
The rain the cold
Just growing old
God knows its a hard old station
Steal away, let's steal away
No reason left to stay
For me and you
Let's start a-new
And darling steal away
We'll leave with just our memories
And make a new beginning
We have to choose
To win or lose
And it's time we started winning
Steal away, let's steal away
No reason left to stay
For me and you
Let's start a-new
And darling steal away
Steal away, let's steal away
No reason left to stay
For me and you
Let's start a-new
And darling steal away

There is a place just outside Lisburn
It's a place that's known to few
Where a group of Irish rebels
Are held by Faulkner's crew
There are forced to live in cages
Like the inmates of Bellevue
But the spirit of 1916
Will always see them through

The men in this vile place
They come from far and near
Some from the Derry Bogside
And Omagh town so near
And some of them from Belfast
From the Markets and the Falls
From the narrow streets of Ardoyne
And all around Tyrone

On that black day in August
When Faulkner showed his hand
He thought that by internment
He could break our gallant band
But the boys from Ballymurhy
How they showed the way that night
How they thaught those English soldiers
How Irishmen could fight

Long Kesh it's known to everyone
The system must be broke
Ardoyne, the New Lodge and the Falls
Will see the system choke
No more the Special Powers Act
The means will envoke
And Long Kesh will be the U stone
On which the system's broke

A word now Irish people
No matter where you are
Remember our brave rebels
In Long Kesh this year
And by civil disobedience
Or any other way
We'll make a stand until the day
Each one of them are free

Armoured cars and tanks and guns
Came to take away our sons
But every man will stand behind
The Men Behind the Wire

Through the little streets of Belfast
In the dark of early morn
British soldiers came marauding
Wrecking little homes with scorn.

Heedless of the crying children
Dragging fathers from their beds
Beating sons while helpless mothers
Watched the blood flow from their heads

Armoured cars and tanks and guns
Came to take away our sons
But every man will stand behind
The Men Behind the Wire

Not for them a judge or jury
Or indeed a crime at all
Being Irish means they're guilty
So we're guilty one and all

Round the world the truth will echo
CromweIl's men are here again
England's name again is sullied
In the eyes of honest men

Armoured cars and tanks and guns
Came to take away our sons
But every man will stand behind
The Men Behind the Wire

Proudly march behind our banners
Firmly stand behind our men
We will have them free to help us
Build a Nation once again

On the people stand together
Proudly firmly on your way
Never fear, and never falter
Till the boys are home to stay.

Armoured cars and tanks and guns
Came to take away our sons
But every man will stand behind
The Men Behind the Wire

When Johnny comes marching home again, 
Hurrah! Hurrah! 
We'll give him a hearty welcome then, 
Hurrah! Hurrah! 
Oh, the men will cheer the boys will shout 
The ladies they will all turn out, 
And we'll all feel gay 
When Johnny comes marching home. 
And we'll all feel gay 
When Johnny comes marching home. 

Get ready for the Jubilee, 
Hurrah! Hurrah! 
We'll give the hero three times three, 
Hurrah! Hurrah! 
Well, the laurel wreath is ready now 
To place upon his loyal brow, 
And we'll all feel gay 
When Johnny comes marching home. 
And we'll all feel gay 
When Johnny comes marching home. 

In eighteen hundred and sixty-one 
Hurrah! Hurrah! 
That was when the war begun, 
Hurrah! Hurrah! 
In eighteen hundred and sixty-two, 
Both sides were falling to, 
And we'll all drink stone wine, 
When Johnny comes marching home. 
And we'll all drink stone wine, 
When Johnny comes marching home. 

In eighteen hundred and sixty-three, 
Hurrah! Hurrah! 
Old Abe, he ended slavery
Hurrah! Hurrah! 
In eighteen hundred and sixty-three 
Old Abe, he ended slavery
And we'll all drink stone wine, 
When Johnny comes marching home. 
And we'll all drink stone wine, 
When Johnny comes marching home. 

In eighteen hundred and sixty-four, 
Hurrah! Hurrah! 
Abe called for five hundred thousand more, 
Hurrah! Hurrah! 
In eighteen hundred and sixty-five, 
They talked rebellion--strife; 
And we'll all drink stone wine 
When Johnny comes marching home. 
And we'll all drink stone wine 
When Johnny comes marching home.

How oft do my thoughts in their fancy take flight 
To the home of my childhood away, 
To the days when each patriot's vision seem'd bright 
Ere I dreamed that those joys should decay. 
When my heart was as light as the wild winds that blow 
Down the Mardyke through each elm tree, 
Where I sported and play'd 'neath each green leafy shade 
On the banks of my own lovely Lee. 

And then in the springtime oflaughterr and song 
Can I ever forget the sweet hours? 
With the friends of my youth as we rambled along 
'Mongst the green mossy banks and wild flowers. 
Then too, when the evening sun's sinking to rest 
Sheds its golden light over the sea 
The maid with her lover the wild daisies pressed 
On the banks of my own lovely Lee 
The maid with her lover the wild daisies pressed 
On the banks of my own lovely Lee 

'Tis a beautiful land this dear isle of song 
Its gems shed their light to the world 
And her faithful sons bore thro' ages of wrong, 
The standard St. Patrick unfurled. 
Oh! would I were there with the friends I love best 
And my fond bosom's partner with me 
We'd roam thy banks over, and when weary we'd rest 
By thy waters, my own lovely Lee, 
We'd roam thy banks over, and when weary we'd rest 
By thy waters, my own lovely Lee, 

Oh what joys should be mine ere this life should decline 
To seek shells on thy sea- girdled shore. 
While the steel-feathered eagle, oft splashing the brine 
Brings longing for freedom once more. 
Oh all that on earth I wish for or crave 
Is that my last crimson drop be for thee, 
To moisten the grass of my forefathers' grave 
On the banks of my own lovely Lee 
To moisten the grass of my forefathers' grave 
On the banks of my own lovely Lee. 

Women, Women of Ireland your glory's in the shade
Your dreams they have gone and decayed
The deeds you have done they all went unsung
By no Bard or no one
For without you there is nothing
Except love songs in the wind
And all of your struggles and dispair
And there were castles in the air

Shout it from every mountain
From every mountain on high
And the four winds will sigh
For Ireland, Ireland's your glory
And your monuments built on your sorrow and pain
For if ever the seas and the oceans run dry
Tears of struggles and of joy
And all of your sadness and your pain
Would fill the oceans up again

Daughters, Daughters of Erin to the Cuman na mBan
Your dream was to see Ireland free
Thru agrarian struggles were determined to win
And from there to begin
There you were dressed for rebellion
But your beauty could not hide
Your sorrow and suffering and dispair
And there were castles in the air

Shout it from every mountain
From every mountain on high
And the four winds will sigh
For Ireland, Ireland's your glory
And your monuments built on your sorrow and pain
For if ever the seas and the oceans run dry
Tears of struggles and of joy
And all of your sadness and your pain
Would fill the oceans up again

Women, Women of courage, you suffered in your silence
You kept Ireland's spirit alive
You were imprisoned, your people enchained
But you never gave in
In troubled days of old Ireland
You were the brave ones who fought
Through oppression and famine and dispair
And there were castles in the air

Shout it from every mountain
From every mountain on high
And the four winds will sigh
For Ireland, Ireland's your glory
And your monuments built on your sorrow and pain
For if ever the seas and the oceans run dry
Tears of struggles and of joy
And all of your sadness and your pain
Would fill the oceans up again

You may sing or speak about Easter week or the heroes of Ninety-eight
Those Fenian men who roamed the glen for vict'ry or defeat
Their names on history's page are told, their memories will endure
Not a song was sung about three young men in the Valley of Knockanure.

There was Lyons and Walsh and the Dalton boy, they were young and in their prime
They rambled to a lonely spot where the Black and Tans did hide
The Republic bold they did uphold, tho' outlawed on the moor
And side by side they fought and died in the Valley of Knockanure.

It was on a neighbouring hillside we listened in hushed dismay
In every house, in every town a young girl knelt to pray
They're closing in around them now with rifle fire so sure
And Lyons is dead and young Dalton's down in the Valley of Knockanure.

But e'er the guns could seal his fate, young Walsh had broken thro'
With a prayer to God he spurned the sod as against the hill he
The bullets tore his flesh in two yet he cried with voice so sure,
"Revenge I'I1 get for my comrade's death in the Valley of Knockanure."

The summer sun is sinking low behind the field and lea
The pale moon light is shining bright far off beyond Tralee
The dismal stars and the clouds afar are darkening o'er the moor
And the Banshee cried when young Dalton died in the Valley of Knockanure

From out the stately woods of Trugh McKenna rides at noon
The sunburst shining not a cloud darkened the skies of June
No eye has he for nature's charms sure they don't annoy his brain
Through flowery pines he takes his way and never draws a rein.

Before him stands a tall grey tower of Glaslough castle old
There in it stands his own true love more dear to him than gold
There in it dwells his own true love his gentle young Maureen
Whom he hopes one day will bless his home in the woods of Trugh so green.

I have come to say goodbye to you for tomorrow I must go
With my brave yeomen to Benburb going to defend Owen Roe
I‘ve come to look you in the eye and hear your answer sweet
For if fighting in the battle fall sure we never more may meet.

Go forth my love my blessings go and smite the hardened foe
And I'll be your bride when you return without another word
And with a fond embrace they bid adieu as the evening sun went down
Behind the trickley wooded hills that overlooks Glaslough town.

McKenna lightly mounts his steed on the twilight of the eve
And it heads him over Davlagh Hills through Trugh's green shady glens
That night he met his true men on the hills of sweet Tyrone
Likewise the army of the north likewise fearless Owen.

O'Neill now he was pleased to see this hardy mountaineer
Who kept the Saxon wolves at bay for many’s the weary year
And well they fought on Benburb's plains as the evening sun went down
And a few that night escaped them to Carrickfergus town.

When Autumn gold lies in the woods and the berries ripe and red
McKenna and his own true love in Glaslough church were wed
And never in her father's hall a fairer bride was seen
Than McKenna's only daughter his darling young Maureen.

One evening fair as the sun was shining
To Kilkenny I did ride
I did meet with Captain Brady
A tall commander by his side

Then you are welcome Highland Paddy
By my side you'll surely stand
Hear the people shout for freedom
We'll rise in the morning with the Fenian band
Rise in the morning with the Fenian band

In the mornin' we rose early
Just before the break of dawn
Blackbirds singing in the bushes
Greetings to a smiling morn'

Gather round me men of Ireland
Gather Fenians gather round
Hand to hand with sword and musket
Spill the blood upon this holy ground

Then you are welcome Highland Paddy
By my side you'll surely stand
Hear the people shout for freedom
We'll rise in the morning with the Fenian band
Rise in the morning with the Fenian band

There's a glen beside the river
Just outside Kilkenny Town
There we met this noble captain
Men lay dead upon the ground

Then you are welcome Highland Paddy
By my side you'll surely stand
Hear the people shout for freedom
We'll rise in the morning with the Fenian band
Rise in the morning with the Fenian band

There's a grave beside the river
A mile outside Kilkenny Town
There we laid our noble captain
Birds were silent when this Fenian died

All my life I will remember
I'll remember night and day
That once I rode into Kilkenny
And I heard this noble captain say

Then you are welcome Highland Paddy
By my side you'll surely stand
Hear the people shout for freedom
We'll rise in the morning with the Fenian band
Rise in the morning with the Fenian band

I met my love in a gas works croft
dreamed a dream, by the old canal
kissed my girl by the fac'try wall
dirty ould town, dirty ould town

I saw the clouds drift across the moon
cats are crawling, all along the beat
springs a girl to the streets at night
dirty ould town, dirty ould town

I heard a siren, down by the docks
saw a train, set the night on fire
I smelled the spring on a smokey breeze
dirty ould town, dirty ould town

I'm gonna get me, a good sharp ax
shinin' steel tempered in a fire
we'll chop you down, like a dead ould tree
dirty ould town, dirty ould town

Oh farewell, you streets of sorrow
And farewell, you streets of pain
I'll not return to feel more sorrow
Nor to see more young men slain

Through the last six years, I've lived through terror
And in the darkened streets, the pain
Oh, how I long to find some solace
In my mind I curse the strain

So farewell, you streets of sorrow
And farewell, you streets of pain
No, I'll not return to feel more sorrow
Nor to see more young men slain

There were six men in Birmingham
In Guildford, there's four
That were picked up and tortured
And framed by the law

And the filth got promotion
But they're still doing time
For being Irish in the wrong place
And at the wrong time

In Ireland they'll put you away in the Maze
In England they'll keep you for seven long days
God help you if ever you're caught on these shores
The coppers need someone and they walk through that door

You'll be counting years, first five, then ten
Growing old in a lonely hell
'Round the yard and the stinking cell
From wall to wall and back again

A curse on the judges, the coppers, and screws
Who tortured the innocent, wrongly accused
For the price of promotion and justice to sell
May the judged be their judges when they rot down in hell

You'll be counting years, first five, then ten
Growing old in a lonely hell
'Round the yard and the lousy cell
From wall to wall, then back again

May the whores of the empire lie awake in their beds
And sweat as they count out the sins on their heads
While over in Ireland, eight more men lie dead
Kicked down and shot in the back of the head

You'll be counting years, first five, then ten
Growing old in a freezing hell
'Round the yard and the lousy cell
From wall to wall, then back again

Counting years, first five, then ten
Growing old in a lonely hell
'Round the yard and the lousy cell
From wall to wall, then back again

In ‘96 as the moon did fix its beams over Scullabogue
And the twinkling stars and the planet Mars denoted where each rogue
Each Saxon there who bit the earth when Cromwell's crew were slain
When the yeomen fled and left their dead in Ballyshannon Lane.

I stopped for a while beside the stile near the graveyard of Courthoyle
That night in June when the silvery moon o'er each rebel's grave did sail
Scenes of ‘98 which I now relate flies through my youthful brain
And I prayed for the dead that through Raheen fled down Ballyshannon Lane.

I passed young Moore at the forge door where the brave boys forged the pike
That night being fine no rain or wind blew over hill or dyke
At Jack Keating’s gate where I chanced to wait my thoughts drive me insane
For the yeomen crew a youth they slew in Ballyshannon Lane.

My mother too God rest her soul she showed me where he fell
Out beyond the land where Doyle's house stands he fought so brave and well
And he chased his foes out beyond Kehoe’s and many’s a Hessian was slain
But fixed bayonets pressed to his brave young breast in Ballyshannon Lane.

On Keating's lawn at the morning dawn the barn was all a ablaze
There I grieve to tell my three uncles fell that's Martin John and James
And as my aunt Kate stood at the gate herself and child were slain
It’s there I pledged for to have revenge for Ballyshannon Lane.

This was the song my mother sang into my youthful ears
As down her cheeks for weeks and weeks rolled hot and scalding tears
My brother Mike he forged me a pike for to take the hills again
For Erin’s need I will fight or bleed for Ballyshannon Lane.

On March the sixth in sixty three we sailed from Queenstown Quay 
A gallant band of Fenian men bound for Amerikay 
While journeying with that gallant band, as you may plainly see 
We were forced to go from sweet Cloghroe down Erin's lovely Lee 

For six long months we ploughed the sea, from Queenstown Quay in Cork 
Just like an arrow through the sky till we landed in New York 
Them Yankee boys with stars and stripes came flocking down to see 
That gallant band of Fenian men from Erin's lovely Lee 

Then one of them stepped up to me and he asked me did I know 
The hills of Tipperary or the Glen of Aherlow 
Or could I tell where Crowley fell, his native land to free 
And the tower that Captain Mackey sacked, down Erin's lovely Lee 

He also asked me did I know where Wolfe Tone's body lay 
Or could I tell the resting place of Emmet's sacred clay 
What did I know of Michael Dwyer, the Wicklow mountain lion 
And the three Manchester martyrs - Allen, Larkin and O'Brien 

Yes I can tell where Crowley fell, 'twas in Kilclooney Wood 
And the tower that Captain Mackey sacked, 'twas by his side I stood 
When he gave the word, we raised the sword and made the tyrant frown 
And we raised the green flag o'er our heads, the harp without the crown 

When I was leaving Ireland, I passed through sweet Kildare 
And if I do not now mistake, Wolfe Tone is buried there 
In coming down through Dublin Town, we passed Glasnevin too 
And its there young Robert Emmet lies, a patriot loyal and true 

But now I'm tired of roving and the seas I will cross o'er 
To feel the clasp of honest hands when I return once more 
When I go home to sweet Cloghroe the boys will welcome me 
And we'll help to float a Fenian boat, down Erin's lovely Lee. 

'Twas down by Anna Liffey, my love and I did stray 
Where in the good old slushy mud the sea gulls sport and play. 
We got the whiff of ray and chips and Mary softly sighed, 
"Oh John, come on for a wan and wan 
Down by the Liffeyside." 

Then down along by George's street the loving pairs to view 
While Mary swanked it like a queen in a skirt of royal blue; 
Her hat was lately turned and her blouse was newly dyed, 
Oh you could not match her round the block, 
Down by the Liffeyside. 

And on her old melodeon how sweetly could she play.; 
"Good-by-ee" and "Don't sigh-ee" and "Rule Brittanni-ay" 
But when she turned Sinn Feiner me heart near burst with pride, 
To hear her sing the "Soldier's Song", 
Down by the Liffeyside. 

On Sunday morning to Meath street together we will go, 
And it's up to Father Murphy we both will make our vow. 
We'll join our hands in wedlock bands and we'll be soon outside 
For a whole afternoon, for our honeymoon, 
Down by the Liffeyside. 

Once upon a time there was
Irish ways and Irish laws,
Villages of Irish blood
Waking to the morning,
Waking to the morning.
 
Once upon a time there was
Irish ways and Irish laws,
Villages of Irish blood
Waking to the morning,
Waking to the morning.
 
Then the Vikings came around,
Turned us up and turned us down,
Started building boats and towns,
And tried to change our living,
They tried to change our living.
 
Cromwell and his soldiers came,
Started centuries of shame,
But they could not make us turn,
We are a river flowing,
We are a river flowing.
 
Again, again the soldiers came,
Burnt our houses, stole our grain.
Shot the farmers in the fields
Working for a living,
Working for a living.
 
800 years we have been down,
The secret of the water sound
Has kept the spirit of a man
Above the pain descending,
Above the pain descending.
 
Today the struggle carries on,
I wonder will I live so long
To see the gates been opened up
To people and their freedom,
To people and their freedom. 

By yonder green hill flies the flag na nFianna,
In silence the scouts seem to go to and fro,
Night shades are creeping, soon they’ll all be sleeping,
In the tents nearby where the camp fires aglow.
 
Royal Meath is awaking from yon silent slumber,
The youth of today will inspire the siege,
Hark to their trouble – oh what a triumph,
As they march o’er the mountains in columns of green.
 
Scouts of na mFianna advance o’er the nation,
May every home greet you with joy and delight,
May god give you strength for to love him and Ireland,
And when the day comes give you courage to fight.

My young love said to me, "My mother won't mind
And my father won't slight you for your lack of kind"
And she stepped away from me and this she did say:
It will not be long, love, till our wedding day"

As she stepped away from me and she moved through the fair
And fondly I watched her move here and move there
And then she turned homeward with one star awake
Like the swan in the evening moves over the lake

The people were saying, no two e'er were wed
But one had a sorrow that never was said
And I smiled as she passed with her goods and her gear,
And that was the last that I saw of my dear.

Last night she came to me, my dead love came in
So softly she came that her feet made no din
As she laid her hand on me and this she did say
"It will not be long, love, 'til our wedding day"

We've sung so many songs of fallen heroes
I really thought that I had said it all
But if a song can fill our hearts and raise our spirits,
Then I'll sing about our martyrs at Loughgall,
the Irish nation bowed its head in sorrow
Such sadness as this country's seldom known
For Monaghan has lost a gallant soldier
With seven Volunteers from green Tyrone

Oh England do you really think its over
If you do you're going to have to kill us all
For until you take your murderers out of Ireland,
Then we will make them rue the blood spill at Loughgall,

It was on a warm and misty Friday evening
The scent of apple blossom filled the air
That village street seemed quiet and deserted,
But hidden eyes were watching everywhere,
The digger bomb had only reached its target
The trap was sprung and gunfire filled the air
The SAS did not want any prisoners,
"Shoot to kill!" their orders were quite clear

They butchered eight brave volunteers that evening
They were kicked and punched in case they were not dead
They dragged them  up and down that Armagh village,
And filled their bodies full of British lead,
Did you think that it would teach us all a lesson
As such savagery the whole world was appalled
Don't you know that there's twenty more men waiting,
For everyone you butchered at Loughgall

Farewell Paddy Kelly and Jim Lynagh
No more you'll lead your fighting unit forth
Side by side with Pádraig McKearney and Tony Gormaley
You died to drive the British from the north
Declan Arthurs and the youthful Seamus Donnelly
On that night you were the youngest of them all
With Gerry O'Callaghan and the gallant Eugene Kelly
Oh your blood still stains the pavements at Loughgall

I went to see a legend just the other night
At the Yankee Stadium, underneath the light.
I heard a man speaking after years and years in jail.
His name it was Mandela and he came to tell his tale.
 
The crowd they cheered him loudly, ah, but then the silence fell
As he spoke about the hard years in a South African cell.
And though he was free, his heart was feelin' the pain,
For his country and his people were still a part of that shame.
 
He said he hoped that we would join him and walk down freedom's path,
And these roads would be the hardest, oh, but they would be the last.
And to join our hands together so that we might be as one,
And to bring ourselves to the cause so his battle could be won.
 
I went home to bed that evening, went to sleep and I had a dream.
I was standing in the pouring rain, in an Irish field of green.
And all around the headstones were the martyrs of the past.
I stood there in silence, and they spoke to me at last.
 
"Kevin Barry is my name, and I died in a cell.
They wanted the names of my comrades, oh, but this I would not tell."
"And I am Roger Casement. I was shot in London town
For bringing German rifles to the lonely Banna Strand."
 
"James Connolly is my name. The working people are my life.
When they shot me down in Kilmainham Jail with strife."
"And I am Padraic Pearse. I was shot down by the foe.
I read the proclamation at the steps of the GPO."
 
And the last voice that I heard says, "My name is Bobby Sands,
And it's good to hear Mandela's words a-ringin' through the land.
"I want to hear them in  Belfast, in Derry and Tyrone.
Maybe then those English soldiers will know it's time to go home."
 
I woke up in the morning. I remembered them all.
And who would believe that they'd knocked down the Berlin Wall?
And I said "Madela, could this really be?
Maybe now we will see Ireland reunited and free.
Maybe now we will see Ireland reunited and free."

The chasing girls was easy and drinking been was fun
And he went out one day and bought himself a gun,
He shot a couple of coppers and he joined the IRA,
And the papers called him Paddy Public Enemy No. 1

The Coppers in the north they couldn't catch him
The British army they just couldn't touch him
He shot a couple of coppers and he joined the IRA,
And the papers called him Paddy Public Enemy No. 1

One day the knock came at the door, they hauled him away,
The IRA they kicked him out when he was still in jail
When he got outta jail he shouted up the IRA
And the papers called him Paddy Public Enemy No. 1

The factions all were fighting
Their deadly power game
He said fuck them all and left the INLA
Wherever there was trouble
There was Paddy and his gun
And the papers called him Paddy Public Enemy No. 1

One day he tired of it all and hung away his gun
When he hung away his gun he became the hunted one
He went into a phone box to make a local call,
They shot him in the phonebox
Splashin blood upon the wall

But when he hung away his gun he became the hunted one
And that was the end of Paddy Public Enemy No 1.

Oh Bridgit O'Malley, you left my heart shaken
With a hopeless desolation, I'd have you to know
It's the wonders of admiration your quiet face has taken
And your beauty will haunt me wherever I go

The white moon above the pale sands, the pale stars above the thorn tree
Are cold beside my darling, but no purer than she
I gaze upon the cold moon till the stars drown in the warm sea
And the bright eyes of my darling are never on me

My Sunday it is weary, my Sunday it is grey now
My heart is a cold thing, my heart is a stone
All joy is dead within me, my life has gone away now
For another has taken my love for his own

The day it is approaching when we were to be married
And it's rather I would die than live only to grieve
Oh meet me, my Darling, e'er the sun sets o'er the barley
And I'll meet you there on the road to Drumslieve

Oh Bridgit O'Malley, you've left my heart shaken
With a hopeless desolation, I'd have you to know
It's the wonders of admiration your quiet face has taken
And your beauty will haunt me wherever I go

Craigavon sent the Specials out,
To shoot the people down,
He thought the IRA were dead,
In dear old Belfast town,
But he got a rude awakening,
With cannon and grenade,
When he met the first Batallion,
Of the Belfast Brigade.

Glory, glory to old Ireland,
Glory, glory to this island,
Glory to the memory of the men
Who fought and died,
"No surrender" is the war cry of
The Belfast Brigade.

The soldiers came from Holywood,
Equipped with English guns,
There were men by the thousand,
Ammunition by the ton,
But when they got to Belfast,
They were seriously delayed,
By the fighting First Batallion
Of the Belfast Brigade.

We have no ammunition,
Or no armoured tanks to show,
But we're ready to defend ourselves,
No matter where we go,
We're out for our Republic,
And to hell with your Free State,
"No surrender" is the War cry
Of the Belfast Brigade.

Come all you gallant Irishmen,
And join the IRA
We'll strike a blow for freedom,
When it comes a certain day,
You know your country's History,
And the sacrifice it made,
Come join the First Batallion
Of the Belfast Brigade.

Four gleaming scythes in the sunshine swaying, 
Through the deep hush of a summer´s day, 
Before their edges four stout men sweeping 
In tuneful measure the fragrant hay. 
Myself the fourth of them, strong and happy, 
My keen blue steel moving fast and free. 
Ah! Little then was the broadest meadow 
And light the heaviest scythe to me! 

O King of Glory! What a change is o´er me 
Since the young blood thrilled me long, long ago, 
And each day found me with the sunshine round me 
And the tall grass falling to my every blow. 
O´er the dewy meadows came the cailín´s voices, 
Ringing glad and merry as they raked the hay. 
Oh! The hours pass quickly as a beam of sunshine 
When the years are rosy and the heart is gay. 

Like fairy minstrels, the bees a-humming 
Went honey-seeking from flower to flower; 
Like golden berries in the distance gleaming, 
I´ve watched and listened to them hour by hour. 
And the butterflies on the sunbeams riding, 
With wings surpassing e´en the blush of dawn, 
Or like fairy jewels, full of light and splendour 
On the golden crown of the buachalán. 

The blackbird´s lay in the woods rang clearly, 
The thrush´s notes echoed far and high, 
While the lark´s full song, like a bell´s vibration 
Comes floating down from the midmost sky. 
From his leafy station the linnet lifted 
His little voice in the hazel glen, 
And O God of Grace, was not life a pleasure, 
In our green and beautiful Eirinn then!

How many more must die now how many must we lose
Before the island people their own destiny can choose
From immortal Robert Emmet to Bobby Sands MP
Who was given thirty thousand votes while in captivity

No more he’ll hear the lark’s sweet notes upon the Ulster air
Or gaze upon the snowflake to calm his deep despair
Before he went on hunger strike young Bobby did compose
The Rhythm of Time, The Weeping Wind and The Sleeping Rose

He was a poet and a soldier he died courageously
And we gave him thirty thousand votes he was the peoples own MP

Thomas Ashe gave everything in 1917
The Lord Mayor of Cork McSwiney died freedom to obtain
Never a one of all our dead died more courageously
Than Bobby Sands from Twinbrook the people’s own MP

Forever we’ll remember him that man who died in pain
That his country north and south be united once again
To mourn him is to organise and build a movement strong
With ballot box and armalite with music and with song

Well Jimmy played harmonica in the pub where I was born
He played it from the night time to the peaceful early morn
He soothed the souls of psychos and the men who had the horn
And they all looked very happy in the morning

Well Jimmy didn't like his place in this world of ours
Where the elephant man broke strong men's necks
when he's had too many powers
So sad to see the grieving
of the people that I'm leaving
And he took the road for God knows in the morning

We walked him to the station in the rain
We kissed him as we put him on the train
And we sang him a song of times long gone
Though we knew that we'd be seeing him again (Far away)
Sad to say I must be on my way
So buy me beer and whiskey cause I'm going far away (far away)
I'd like to think of me returning when I can
To the greatest little boozer and to Sally MacLennane

The years went by the times had changed
I grew to be a man I learned to love the virtues
of sweet Sally MacLennane
I took the jeers and drank the beers
and crawled back home at dawn
I ended up a barman in the morning

I played the pump and took the hump
and watered whiskey down
I talked of whores and horses
to the men who drank the brown
I heard them say that Jimmy's making money far away
and some people left for heaven without warning

We walked him to the station in the rain
We kissed him as we put him on the train
And we sang him a song of times long gone
Though we knew that we'd be seeing him again (Far away)
Sad to say I must be on my way
So buy me beer and whiskey cause I'm going far away (far away)
I'd like to think of me returning when I can
To the greatest little boozer and to Sally MacLennane

When Jimmy came back home
he was surprised that they were gone
He asked me all the details
of the train that they went on
Some people they are scared to croak
but Jimmy drank until he choked
And took the road for heaven in the morning

We walked him to the station in the rain
We kissed him as we put him on the train
And we sang him a song of times long gone
Though we knew that we'd be seeing him again (Far away)
Sad to say I must be on my way
So buy me beer and whiskey cause I'm going far away (far away)
I'd like to think of me returning when I can
To the greatest little boozer and to Sally MacLennane

Do not stand at my grave and weep,
I am not there I do not sleep,
Do not stand at my grave and cry,
When Ireland lives I do not die.

 
A woman's place is not at home,
The fight for freedom it still goes on,
I took up my gun until freedoms day,
I pledged to fight for the I.R.A.

In Armagh jail I served my time,
Strip searches were a British crime,
Degraded me but they could not see,
I'd suffer this to see Ireland free.

 
Gibraltar was the place I died,
McCann and Savage were by my side,
I heard the order so loud and shrill,
Of Thatchers voice, said shoot to kill.

 
So do not stand at my grave,
I am not there I do not sleep,
Do not stand and my grave and cry,
When Ireland lives I do not die.

By a lonely prison wall, I heard a young girl calling
"Michael, they have taken you away,
For you stole Trevelyan's corn,
So the young might see the morn.
Now a prison ship lies waiting in the bay."

Low lie the fields of Athenry
Where once we watched the small free birds fly
Our love was on the wing
We had dreams and songs to sing
It's so lonely round the fields of Athenry.

By a lonely prison wall, I heard a young man calling
"Nothing matters, Mary, when you're free
Against the famine and the crown,
I rebelled, they cut me down.
Now you must raise our child with dignity."

Low lie the fields of Athenry
Where once we watched the small free birds fly
Our love was on the wing
We had dreams and songs to sing
It's so lonely round the fields of Athenry.

By a lonely harbor wall, she watched the last star fall
As the prison ship sailed out against the sky
Sure she'll wait and hope and pray for her love in Botany Bay
It's so lonely round the fields of Athenry.

Low lie the fields of Athenry
Where once we watched the small free birds fly
Our love was on the wing
We had dreams and songs to sing
It's so lonely round the fields of Athenry.

Now the autumn leave are falling and the tourists have all gone
and the children
they have all gone back to school
and my life is as it was before, I work eight hours a day
but the company's still making all the rules
There's a girl in Massachusettes, south of Boston town they say
her lovely face is with me all the day
Well I met her down in old Tralee, golden hair upon her head
I won her heart but she stole mine away

So goodbye my Boston beauty farewell my Boston Rose
I'll wait for you, I'll think of you, no threat to you I'll pose
so goodbye my Boston Beauty, farewell my Boston Rose
I wish that you were here but I know, that's the way life goes

There's a song we sang all summer in the bars in Dublin town
I can hear it on the fac'try radio
and the feelings I remember, when I hear that simple tune
makes me wonder if it ever happened so
well we laughed and loved together 'till the summer days were gone
and she had to fly across that ocean wide
so goodbye my Boston beauty and until we meet again
I'll keep the fire burning deep inside

So goodbye my Boston beauty farewell my Boston Rose
I'll wait for you, I'll think of you, no threat to you I'll pose
so goodbye my Boston Beauty, farewell my Boston Rose
I wish that you were here but I know, that's the way life goes

and some nights when I'm drinkin' and my friends have gathered 'round
and just for fun someone calls out your name
well I smile there with the rest of them but I can't hear a sound
I love you but to them it's all the same
and nights when I'm alone my love you come into my mind
and visions flash across that Emerald Isle
well I'll watch the moon there up above I'll leave this earth behind
and I'll call to you as I go sailing by

So goodbye my Boston beauty farewell my Boston Rose
I'll wait for you, I'll think of you, no threat to you I'll pose
so goodbye my Boston Beauty, farewell my Boston Rose
I wish that you were here but I know, that's the way life goes

I've been the wild rover for manys a year
and I spent all my money on whiskey and beer
and now I'm returning with gold in great score
and I never will play the wild rover no more

And it's no nay never
no nay never no more
will I play the wild rover
No never no more

I went into an ale house I used to frequent
and I told the landlady my money was spent
I asked her for credit she answered me nay
such a custom as your I can get any day

And it's no nay never
no nay never no more
will I play the wild rover
No never no more

Then out of my pockets I took sovereigns bright
and my landlady's eyes opened wide with delight
She said, "I have whiskey and wines of the best!"
but the answer I gave her was only in jest

And it's no nay never
no nay never no more
will I play the wild rover
No never no more

I'll go home to my parents, confess what I've done
and I'll ask them to pardon their prodigal son
and if they caress my as oft times before
than I never will play the wild rover no more

And it's no nay never
no nay never no more
will I play the wild rover
No never no more

Oh, father why are you so sad
On this bright Easter morn’
When Irish men are proud and glad
Of the land that they were born?
Oh, son, I see in mem’ries few
Of far off distant days
When being just a lad like you
I joined the IRA

Where are the lads that stood with me
When history was made?
A Ghra Mo Chroi, I long to see
The boys of the old brigade

From hills and farms a call to arms
Was heard by one and all
And from the glen came brave young men
To answer Ireland’s call
‘T wasn’t long ago we faced a foe
The old brigade and me
And by my side they fought and died
That Ireland might be free

Where are the lads that stood with me
When history was made?
A Ghra Mo Chroi, I long to see
The boys of the old brigade

And now, my boy, I’ve told you why
On Easter morn’ I sigh
For I recall my comrades all
And dark old days gone by
I think of men who fought in glen
With rifle and grenade
May heaven keep the men who sleep
From the ranks of the old brigade

Where are the lads that stood with me
When history was made?
A Ghra Mo Chroi, I long to see
The boys of the old brigade

O, Father dear, I often hear you speak of Erin's Isle,
Her her lofty scenes her valleys green, her mountains rude and wild
You said it is a lovely place wherein a prince might dwell,
Why have you then forsaken her, the reason to me tell?

My son, I loved our native land with energy and pride
Until a blight fell on my crops my and sheep and cattle died,
The rents and taxes were too high, I could not them redeem,
And that's the cruel reason why I left Old Skibbereen.

It's well I do remember on a bleak November's day,
The landlord and the sheriff came to drive us all away;
they set my house on fire with their cursed English spleen
And that's another reason why I left Old Skibbereen.

Your mother, too, God rest her soul, lay on the snowy ground,
She fainted in her anguish seein' the desolation round.
She never rose, but passed away from sleep to mortal dream,
And found a quiet grave, my boy, in dear old Skibbereen.

It's well I do remember the year of forty-eight,
When we arose with Erin's boys to fight against our fate;
I was hunted through the mountains as a traitor to the Queen,
And that's another reason that I left Old Skibbereen.

Oh father dear, the day will come when in answer to the call
Each Irishman with feeings stern will answer one and all,
I'll be the man to lead the van, beneath our flag of green,
And loud and high we'll raise the cry," Remember Skibbereen!"

There is sorrow in my heart
O me old Howth gun.
That we lately had to part
O me old Howth gun.
In Ireland’s day of need,
Ah you proved a friend indeed
When you made the bullets speed
O me old Howth gun

I was glad when you were near
O me old Howth gun.
For the foeman did I fear
O me old Howth gun.
When your bark and bitter bite
Put the Saxon course to flight
And he didn’t stop to fight
O me old Howth gun

O how glorious was your feel
O me old Howth gun.
When you made the Saxon reel
O me old Howth gun
When the Lancers trimmin’ neat
Came chargin down O’Connell Street
And they beat a grim retreat
O me old Howth gun

O the parting it was sore
O me old Howth gun.
Shall I ne’er see you no more
O me old Howth gun.
There is glorious hopes that we
Could have set old Ireland free
But now your parted far from me
O me old Howth gun

O the day will surely come
O me old Howth gun.
When I’ll join the fightin’ men
O me old Howth gun
In some brave determined band
I shall surely take my stand
For the freedom of our land
O me old Howth gun.

We remember back in time in the year of '69
You unleashed your dogs of war onto our streets
We could not stand idly by and let our families die
We fought you back and joined the IRA

So stuff your f-ing crown we Irish won't lie down and give away our guns to foreign lands
No semtex not our guns will you ever get from us
You can stick your decommissioning up your arse

Well you murdered free young men and you'll do the same again
Decommissioning you will never ever see
As long as we have men like those famous fighting men
Yes those famous fighting men from Crossmaglen

So stuff your f-ing crown we Irish won't lie down and give away our guns to foreign lands
No semtex not our guns will you ever get from us
You can stick your decommissioning up your arse

In memory of the ten they were Ireland's bravest men
We will not forget the ones who fought and died
Decommissioning you can see will never ever be
'Cause the IRA will always be around

So stuff your f-ing crown we Irish won't lie down and give away our guns to foreign lands
No semtex not our guns will you ever get from us
You can stick your decommissioning up your arse

You can tell the RUC those black bastards from Drumcree
You'll never march down Garvaghy road
If you want to make a fight we will stand up for our rights
You can take your fucking march and give us peace

So stuff your f-ing crown we Irish won't lie down and give away our guns to foreign lands
No semtex not our guns will you ever get from us
You can stick your decommissioning up your arse

Now Trimble you're an ass if you think that it will last
Six counties are under tyranny
You can tell wee Tony Blair and Mo Mowlam if you dare
They can stick their decommissioning up their ass

So stuff your f-ing crown we Irish won't lie down and give away our guns to foreign lands
No semtex not our guns will you ever get from us
You can stick your decommissioning up your arse

Hey Mac did ye see him as ye cam' doon by Gorgie,
Awa ower the Lammerlaw or North o' the Tay?
Yon man is comin' and the haill toon is turnin' oot:
We're a' sure he'll win back to Glesga the day.
The jiners and hauders-oan are marchin' frae Clydebank;
Come on noo an hear him - he'll be ower thrang tae bide.
Turn oot, Jock and Jimmie: leave your cranes and your muckle gantries.

Great John MacLean's comin' back tae the Clyde.
Aye, Great John MacLean's comin' back tae the Clyde

Argyle Street and London Road's the route that we're marchin' -
The lads frae the Broomilaw are here - tae a man!
Hi Neil, whaur's yer hadarums, ye big Heilan' teuchter?
Get your pipes, mate and march at the heid o' the clan.
Hullo Pat Malone: sure I knew you'd be here so:
The Blue and the Green me lad we'll wear side by side.
Gorbals is his the day, and Glasgow belongs tae him.

Great John MacLean's comin' hame tae the Clyde

Forward tae Glesga Green we'll march in guid order:
Wull grips the banners well (that boy isna blate).
Ay there, man that's Johnnie noo - that' him there, the bonnie fechter.
Lenin's his fere, lad an'Leibnecht his mate.
Tak tent when he's speakin', for they'll mind whit he's said here.
In Glesga, oor city - an' the haill world beside.
Och hey, lad the scarlet'  bonnie: here's tae ye, Heilan Shony!
John MacLean's comin' back tae the Clyde.

Oor ain John MacLean's has come hame tae the Clyde.

Aweel when it's feenished, I'm awa hame tae Springburn
(Come hame tae your tea John, we'll soon hae ye fed)
It's hard work this speakin': Och, I'm shair he'll be tired the nicht
I'll sleep oan the flair and gie Mac the bed.
The hill city's quiet noo: it kens that he's restin'
At hame wi' his Glesga freens, their fame and their pride!
The red will be worn, my lads an Scotland will rise again.

Noo great John MacLean's has come hame tae the Clyde.

It was down in the town of old Bantry,
Where most of the fighting was done,
It was there that a young Irish soldier,
Was shot by a Black-and-Tan gun.

As he raised himslef up to his elbow, 
As the blood from his wounds ran red, 
He turned to his comrades beside him, 
And these are the words he said: 

"Won't you bury me out on the mountains, 
So that I can see where the battle was won?" 
So they buried him out on the mountains, 
'Neath a cross that stood facing the sun. 


They wrote: "Here lies a true Irish soldier, 
Who was shot by a Black-and-Tan gun," 
And now we are back in old Dublin, our victory over and won, 
We think of our comrades we buried under God`s rising sun.

It rings through the mountains of Kerry
From Tarbert to Cahersiveen
And wakens proud memories of valour
In the fights of the days that have been
And out o’er the green fields of Ireland
It sweeps with a loud welling peal
That cry full of anger and sorrow
They have murdered young Maurice O’Neill

And a prayer rises up from the faithful
The faithful in woe and weal
This night ‘mong the martyrs of Ireland
God rest you brave maurice O’Neill

He sprang from a long line of free men
Who never bent knee to the foe
And his heart gave unfaltering alegiance
To a cause that was trampled and low
He came to the red gap of danger
Where thousands had fallen before
He died like a Gael and a soldier
And his memory is green evermore

His name shines through the darkness of thraldom
Shines out like the flashing of steel
And the true heart of Ireland is calling,
God bless you brave Maurice O’Neill

Let no voice plead for me with the traitors
He cried, when the death hour was nigh
May the young men be faithful forever
To the cause that has caused me to die
When the deathless Republic of Ireland
Is rescued from thraldom and shame
I ask but a place in her memory
And her soldiers’ salute to my name

And the young men of Ireland make answer
When the foemen in front of us reel
As we march to the dawn light of freedom
You will march with us Maurice O’Neill

In a cruel British prison, a brave Irish soldier lies;
Body thin and weak with hunger,
as the light fades from his eyes.
By his side two women weeping,
one is old and one is young;
On their knees to God appealing,
in their soft sweet Mayo tongue.
Ah, my loves, the young man murmurs.
Do not cry your tears for me,
For my time is nearly over,
and today I will be free.
I can see a bright sun shining
on my own green Mayo fields,
And I see dear Michael Gaughan,
waiting there beneath the trees.

In that cruel British prison,
just before the break of day,
With his loved ones there beside him,
that brave soldier passed away.
But he lives in Erin's heart yet,
and wherever flies her flag,
Ireland's sons and Ireland's daughters,
will remember brave Frank Stagg.
Yes he lives in Erin's heart yet,
and wherever flies her flag,
Ireland's sons and Ireland's daughters,
will remember brave Frank Stagg.

Oh poor old Dicey Reilly, she has taken to the sup
And poor old Dicey Reilly, she will never give it up
It's off each morning to the pop that she goes in
for another little drop
But the heart of the rowl is Dicey Reilly

She will walk along Fitzgibbon Street with an independent air
And then its down by Summerhill, and as the people stare
She'll say, "It's nearly half passed one
Time I went in for another little one
But the heart of the rowl is Dicey Reilly
Now at two, pubs close and out she goes as happy as a lark
She'll find a bench to sleep it off at St. Patrick's Park
She'll wake at five feeling in the pink
And say, "Tis time for another drink
But the heart of the rowl is Dicey Reilly

Now she'll travel far to a dockside bar to have another round
And after one or two or three she doesn't feel quite so sound
After four she's a bit unstable
After five underneath the table
But the heart of the rowl is Dicey Reilly

Oh they carry her home at twelve o'clock as they do every night
Bring her inside, put her on the bed and then turn out the light
Next morning she'll get out of bed
And look for a cure for her head
But the heart of the rowl is Dicey Reilly

Raised on songs & stories Heroes of renown
The passing tales & glories That once was Dublin Town
The hallowed halls and houses The haunting children's rhymes
That once was Dublin City In the rare ould times.

Ring a Ring a Rosey
As the light declines
I'll remember Dublin City
In the rare ould Times.

My name it is Sean Dempsey
As Dublin as could be
Born hard & late in Pimlico
In a house that ceased to be
By trade I was a cooper
Lost out to redundancy
Like my house that fell to progress
my trade's a memory

I courted Peggy Dignan

As pretty as you please.
A rogue and child of Mary from the rebel liberties
I lost her to a student chap
With skin as back as coal
When he took her off to Birmingham
She took away my soul.

Ring a Ring a Rosey
As the light declines
I'll remember Dublin City
In the rare ould Times.

The years have made me bitter
The gargle dims my brain
'cause Dublin keeps on changing
and nothing seems the same.
The Pillar and the Met have gone
the Royal long since pulled down
As the grey unyielding concrete
makes a city of my town.

Fare thee well sweet Anna Liffy
I can no longer stay
And watch me new glass cages
that spring up along me Ouay
My mind's too full of memories
too old to hear new chimes
l'm a part of what was Dublin
in the rare ould times.

The winter it has passed
And the summer's come at last
The small birds are singing in the trees
And their little hearts are glad
Ah, but mine is very sad
Since my true love is far away from me

Chorus:
And straight I will repair
To the Curragh of Kildare
For it's there I'll finds tidings of my dear

The rose upon the briar
And the clouds that float so high
Bring joy to the linnet and the bee
And their little hearts are blessed
But mine can know no rest
Since my true love is far away from me

All you who are in love
Aye and cannot it remove
I pity the pain that you endure
For experience lets me know
That your hearts are filled with woe
It's a woe that no mortal can cure

it was a morning in July, I was walking through Tipperary
When I heard a battle cry from the mountains overhead
As I looked up in the sky I saw an Irish soldier laddie
He looked at me right fearlessly and said:

"Will you stand in the band like a true Irish man,
And go and fight the forces of the crown?
Will ye march with O'Neill to an Irish battle field?
For tonight we go to free old Wexford town!

Said I to that soldier lad,"Would you take me to your captain
it would be my pride and joy for to march with you today.
My young brother fell in Cork and my son at Enniscorthy!"
So to the noble captain I did say

"Will you stand in the band like a true Irish man,
And go and fight the forces of the crown?
Will ye march with O'Neill to an Irish battle field?
For tonight we go to free old Wexford town!

As we marched back from the field in the shadow of the evening
With our banners flying low to the memory of our dead
We returned unto our homes but without our soldier laddie
But I can't forget those brave words he said

"Will you stand in the band like a true Irish man,
And go and fight the forces of the crown?
Will ye march with O'Neill to an Irish battle field?
For tonight we go to free old Wexford town!

As we I walked over the Glenshane Pass I heard a young woman mourn
The boy from Tamlaghduff she said is ten years dead and gone
How my heart is torn apart this young man to lose
We’ll never see the likes again of young Francis Hughes

For many years his exploits were a thorn in England’s side
The hills and glens became his home it was there he used to hide
Often when surrounded he’d quietly slip away
Like a fox he went to ground and kept the dogs of war at bay

Francis and three volunteers were coming around the pass
When they were confronted by a squad of SAS
The volunteers gave all they had till Francis took two rounds
He gave the order to retreat and wounded went to ground

The UDR and RUC came with their tracker dogs
In their hundreds hunted him across the farms and bogs
When he was too weak to move they captured him at last
And from the countryside he loved they brought him to Belfast

From Musgrave Park to Crumlin Road then to a H-Block cell
He went straight on the blanket then on hunger strike as well
Although his weapon had been changed to a blanket from a gun
He wielded it courageously as the hunger strike begun

As his young life ebbed away we helplessly looked on
On the twelfth of May the black flags lay in 1981
Deep mourning around Tamlaghduff has turned to burning pride
Francis fought them every day he lived and fought them as he died

As I walked over the Glenshane Pass I heard a young woman mourn
The boy from Tamlaghduff she said is ten years dead and gone
How my heart is torn apart this young man to lose
We’ll never see the likes again of young Francis Hughes.

O'er the hills of Benburb, rose the red beam of day
Gleaming bright from our foemen in battle array
But as brightly again, in the mid-summer glow
It shone back from the troops of our brave Owen Roe

Munroe had his thousands arrayed at his back
With their puritan mantles, steel morion and Jack
And with him fierce Blayney and Conway had come
To crush Owen Roe at the roll of a drum

And who with O'Neill on that morn drew the band?
Bold hearts as e'er beat by the Blackwater strand
Sir Phelim, brave chief, with his bosom of fire
O'Donnell, McSweeney and gallant Maguire

From Derry's wild woodlands from Maine's sounding tide
From Leitrim and Longford came chiefs to our side
From Breffni's green hills, with his sword in his hand
Came bold Myles the slasher, the pride of our land

We kept all that noontide, the foemen at play
Though we thought of their forays and burned for the fray
For our chief bid us wait, till the eve had begun
Then rush on the foe with our backs to the sun

Then hurrah for the red hand! And on to a man
Our columns poured down, like a storm on their van
There was panic before us and panic beside
As their horsemen fled back in a wild broken tide

And we took from the foes e'er that calm twilight fall
Their horses and baggage and banners and all
Then we sat by our camp-fires and drank in the glow
Good health to our leader, the brave Owen Roe
Long life to our leader, the brave Owen Roe

Says Lloyd-George to Macpherson, "l give you the sack,
To uphold law and order you haven't the knack,
I'll send over Greenwood, a much stronger man,
And fill up the Green Isle with the bold Black and Tan."

He sent them all over to pillage and loot
And burn down the houses, the inmates to shoot .
" To re-conquer Ireland, he said, is my plan
With Macready and Co. and his bold Black and Tan."

The town of Balbriggan they've burned to the ground
While bullets Like hailstones were whizzing around;
And women left homeless by this evil clan.
They've waged war on the children, the bold Black and Tan.

From Dublin to Cork and from Thurles to Mayo
Lies a trail of destruction wherever they go;
With England to help and fierce passions to fan,
She must feel bloody proud of her bold Black and Tan.

Ah, then not by the terrors of England's foul horde,
For ne'er could a nation be ruled by the sword;
For our country we'll have yet in spite of her plan
Or ten times the number of bold Black and Tan.

We defeated Conscription in spite of their threats,
And we're going to defeat old Lloyd-George and his pets;
For Ireland and Freedom we're here to a man,
And we'll humble the pride of the bold Black and Tan.

So come on out ye British Huns
Come on out without your guns
Show us how you won your medals up in Derry
When you murdered fourteen men
And you'd do the same again
So get out of here and take your English border
Well, in the summer of '69
With your smilin' face you came
To show us all your pacifyin' tactics
But your true face soon came through
And your flag red, white and blue
Showed us all the Black and Tans were back in Ireland

So come on out ye British Huns
Come on out without your guns
Show us how you won your medals up in Derry
When you murdered fourteen men
And you'd do the same again
So get out of here and take your English border

Well, of your fist we've had our fill
And we know you always will
With excuses for the murderin' of Irish men
But we'll fight for our proud land
Til in unity we stand
From England we will shift our lovely island

 So come on out ye British Huns
Come on out without your guns
Show us how you won your medals up in Derry
When you murdered fourteen men
And you'll do the same again
So get out of here and take your English border

IRA!

At your trial in Coleraine
Sure we knew you weren't to blame
And likewise neither were the Huns of h*****
But don't you fret for those you slew
For your judge was British too
And we all know the English are impartial

So come on out ye British Huns
Come on out without your guns
Show us how you won your medals up in Derry
When you murdered fourteen men
And you'd do the same again
So get out of here and take your English border
So come on out ye British Huns
Come on out without your guns
Show us how you won your medals up in Derry
When you murdered fourteen men
And you'd do the same again
So f*** off home and take your English border

So come on out ye British Huns
Come on out without your guns
Show us how you won your medals up in Derry
When you murdered fourteen men
And you'd do the same again
So get out of here and take your English border

Come on out ye British Huns
Come on out without your guns

When first I came to London In the year of 39
The city looked so wonderful, and the girls were so Divine
But the coppers got suspicius, and they soon gave me the knock
I was charged with being the owner, of an old alarm clock

Well next morning down by Marlborough Street, I caused no little stir
The I.R.A were busy and a telephone did burr
Says the judge I'm going to charge you, with the possession of this machine.
And I'm also going to charge you, with the wearing of the Green

Well says I to him, your honour, if you give me half a chance
I'll show you how me small machine can make the peelers dance
Well it ticks away polictly, 'till you get an awful shock
And it ticks away the gellignite, on me old alarm clock

O the judge says listen here my man and I'll tell you of a plan
For you and all your countrymen I do net give a damm
Well the only time you'll take is mine, ten years in Dartmoor dock
And you can count it by the ticking, of your old alarm clock.

Well this lonely Dartmoor City would put many in the jigs
The cell it isn't pretty and it isn't very big
Sure long ago I'd have left the place, if I had only got,
Ah me couple of sticks of gelignite and me old alarm clock

Some say the devil is dead, the devil is dead, the devil is dead,
Some say the devil is dead and buried in Killarney.
More say he rose again, more say he rose again, more say he rose again,
And joined the British army.

Feed the pigs and milk the cow, milk the cow, milk the cow,
Feed the pigs and milk the cow, so early in the morning.
Tuck your leg up, Paddy, dear. Paddy, dear, I'm over here! Tuck your leg
up, Paddy dear, It's time to stop your yawning.

Some say the devil is dead, the devil is dead, the devil is dead,
Some say the devil is dead and buried in Killarney.
More say he rose again, more say he rose again, more say he rose again,
And joined the British army.

Katie, she is tall and thin, tall and thin, tall and thin.
Katie, she is tall and thin. She likes a drop of brandy.
Drinks it in the bed at night, drinks it in the bed at night, drinks it in the bed at night.
It makes her nice and randy.

Some say the devil is dead, the devil is dead, the devil is dead,
Some say the devil is dead and buried in Killarney.
More say he rose again, more say he rose again, more say he rose again,
And joined the British army.

My man is six foot tall, six foot tall, six foot tall,
My man is six foot tall, he likes his sugar candy.
Goes to bed at six o'clock, goes to bed at six o'clock, goes to bed at six o'clock.
He's lazy, fat and dandy.

Some say the devil is dead, the devil is dead, the devil is dead,
Some say the devil is dead and buried in Killarney.
More say he rose again, more say he rose again, more say he rose again,
And joined the British army.

My wife, she has a hairy thing, a hairy thing, a hairy thing.
My wife, she has a hairy thing, she showed it to me Sunday.
She bought it in the furrier shop, bought it in the furrier shop, bought it in the furrier shop.
It's going back on Monday.

Some say the devil is dead, the devil is dead, the devil is dead,
Some say the devil is dead and buried in Killarney.
More say he rose again, more say he rose again, more say he rose again,
And joined the British army.

It was Christmas Eve babe in the drunk tank
An old man said to me, won't see another one
And then he sang a song "The Rare Old Mountain Dew "
And I turned my face away and dreamed about you

Got on a lucky one came in eighteen to one
I've got a feeling this year's for me and you
So happy Christmas I love you baby
I can see a better time when all our dreams come true

They've got cars big as bars they've got rivers of gold
But the wind goes right through you it's no place for the old
When you first took my hand on a cold Christmas Eve
You promised me Broadway was waiting for me

You were handsome you were pretty Queen Of New York City
When the band finished playing they howled out for more
Sinatra was swinging, all the drunks they were singing
We kissed on the corner then danced through the night

The Boys of the NYPD choir were singing 'Galway Bay'
And the bells were ringing out for Christmas day

You're a bum you're a punk you're an old slut on junk
Lying there almost dead on a drip in that bed
You scum bag you maggot you cheap lousy faggot
Happy Christmas you arse I pray God it's our last

I could have been someone so could anyone
You took my dreams from me when I first found you
I kept them with me babe I put them with my own
Can't make it all alone I've built my dreams around you

I can hear the bells of Dublin
in this lonely waiting room
And the paperboys are singin'
in the rain
Not too long before they take us
to the airport and the noise
To get on board
a transatlantic plane
We've got nothin' left to stay for,
We had no more left to say
And there isn't any work for us to do
So farewell ye boys and girls;
Another bloody Flight of Earls
Our best asset is our best export, too....

It's not murder, fear or famine
that makes us leave this time
We're not going to join
McAlpine's Fusileers
We've got brains, and we've got visions; we've got education, too!
But we just can't throw away
these precious years
So we walk the streets of London,
And the streets of Baltimore
And we meet at night
in several Boston bars
We're the leaders of the future
But we're far away from home
And we dream of you
beneath the Irish stars

As we look on Ellis Island,
and the Lady in the bay
And Manhattan turns to face
another Sunday
We just wonder what you're doing
to bring us all back home
As we look forward to another Monday
Because it's not the work
that scares us
We don't mind an honest job
And we know things will get better
once again
So a thousand times adieu,
We've got Bono and U2
All we're missin'
is the Guinness, and the rain

So switch off your new computers
cause the writing's on the wall
We're leaving as our fathers did before
Take a look at Dublin airport, or the boat that leaves North Wall
There'll be no youth unemployment
any more
Because we're over here in Queensland,
And in parts of New South Wales
We're on the seas and airways
and the trains
But if we see better days,
Those big airplanes go both ways
And we'll all be comin' back to you again!

as I went down to Galway town to seek for recreation
On the seventeenth of August me mind being elevated
There were multitudes assembled with their tickets at the station
Me eyes began to dazzle and I'm goin' to see the races.

For me whack for me dew for me dithery iddle day.

There were passengers from Limerick and more from Tipperary
The boys from Connemara and the Clare unmarried ladies
People from Cork City who were loyal true and faithful
broght home the Fenian prisoners from dyin' in foreign nations

For me whack for me dew for me dithery iddle day.

There were multitudes from Aran, and members from New Quay Shore
Boys from Connemara and the Claire unmarried maidens
There were people from Cork city who were loyal, true and faithful;
Who brought home the Fenian prisoners from diverse foreign nations.

For me whack for me dew for me dithery iddle day.

It's there you'll see the pipers and the fiddlers competing
The nimble footed dancers a-tripping over the daisies
There were others crying cigars and lights and bills for all the races
With the colors of the jockeys and the prize and horses' ages.

For me whack for me dew for me dithery iddle day.

It's there you'll see the jockeys and they're mounted out so stately
The pink, the blue, the orange, and green, the emblem of our nation
When the bell was rung for starting, all the horses seemed impatient
I thought they never stood on ground their speed was so amazing.

For me whack for me dew for me dithery iddle day.

There was half a million people there from all denominations
The Catholic, the Protestant, the Jew, and Presbyterian
There was yet no animosity, no matter what persuasion
But sportsman's hospitality inducin' fresh acquaintance

For me whack for me dew for me dithery iddle day.

It's there you'll see confectioners with sugarsticks and dainties
The lozenges and oranges, the lemonade and raisins!
The gingerbread and spices to accomodate the ladies
And a big crubeen for thruppence to be pickin' while you're able.

For me whack for me dew for me dithery iddle day.

It's there you'll see the gamblers, the thimbles and the garters
And the spotting Wheel of Fortune with the four and twenty quarters
There was others without scruple pelting wattles at poor Maggy
And her father well-contented and he lookin' at his daughter.

For me whack for me dew for me dithery iddle day.

I am a young fellow that's very well known,
I've wandered throughout Ireland, the County Tyrone.
For work I've been searching, through Cork and Kildare,
but there's never the job for the rambler from Clare.

I've been throughout Ireland with no brogues on my feet,
I was stranded in Sligo with nothing to eat.
So in desperation, I borrowed my fare
and said goodbye to Ireland from the Rambler from Clare.

On the boat leaving Ireland I went to the bar,
where a big red-faced agent stood me a jar.
He said up in Scotland, they're building dams there
and there's plenty of work for the Rambler from Clare.

I went to Auk Island and dug a big hole,
it was half a mile dep and I felt like a mole.
It held ten million gallons of water I swear
and most of it sweat from the Rambler from Clare.

They say that my equal was never to be seen,
they called me the Horse and the Digging Machine.
The gangermen all loved me and the agents did swear,
you'll not see the end of the Rambler from Clare.

But now I am old and my fire has gone cold,
in another foue years I'll be fifty years old.
All worn out and finished but what do they care,
they've had all they want from the Rambler from Clare.

Yes, they've had all they want from the Rambler from Clare.

My name is Tim McDonald, I'm a native of the Isle,
I was born among old Erin's bogs when I was but a child.
My father fought in " 'Ninety-eight," for liberty so dear;
He fell upon old Vinegar Hill, like an Irish volunteer.
Then raise the harp of Erin, boys, the flag we all revere
We'll fight and fall beneath its folds, like Irish volunteers!
Then raise the harp of Erin, boys, the flag we all revere
We'll fight and fall beneath its folds, like Irish volunteers!

When I was driven form my home by an oppressor's hand,
I cut my sticks and greased my brogues, and came o'er to this land.
I found a home an many friends, and some that I love dear;
Be jabbers! I'll stick to them like bricks and an Irish volunteer.
Then fill your glasses up, my boys, and drink a hearty cheer,
To the land of our adoption and the Irish volunteer!
Then fill your glasses up, my boys, and drink a hearty cheer,
To the land of our adoption and the Irish volunteer!

Now when the traitors in the south commenced a warlike raid,
I quickly then laid down my hod, to the devil went my spade!
To a recruiting-office then I went, that happened to be near,
And joined the good old "Sixty-ninth," like and Irish volunteer.
Then fill the ranks and march away!--no traitors do we fear;
We'll drive them all to blazes, says the Irish volunteer.
Then fill the ranks and march away!--no traitors do we fear;
We'll drive them all to blazes, says the Irish volunteer

When the Prince of Wales came over here, and made a hubbaboo,
Oh, everybody turned out, you know, in gold and tinsel too;
But then the good old Sixty-ninth didn't like these lords or peers
They wouldn't give a damn for kings, the Irish volunteers!
We love the land of Liberty, its laws we will revere,
"But the divil take nobility!" says the Irish volunteer!
We love the land of Liberty, its laws we will revere,
"But the divil take nobility!" says the Irish volunteer!

Now if the traitors in the South should ever cross our roads,
We'll drive them to the divil, as Saint Patrick did the toads;
We'll give them all short nooses that come just below the ears,
Made strong and good of Irish hemp by Irish volunteers.
then here's to brave McClennan whom the arny now reveres
He'll lead us on to victory, the Irish volunteers.
Then here's to brave McClellan, whom the army now reveres
He'll lead us on to victory, the Irish volunteers.

Now fill your glasses up, my boys, a toast come drink with me,
May Erin's Harp and the Starry Flag united ever be;
May traitors quake, and rebels shake, and tremble in their fears,
When next they meet the Yankee boys and Irish volunteers!
God bless the name of Washington! that name this land reveres;
Success to Meagher and Nugent, and their Irish volunteers!
God bless the name of Washington! that name this land reveres;
Success to Meagher and Nugent, and their Irish volunteers!

As I went down to Dublin city,
at the hour of twelve at night,
Who should I see but a Spanish lady,
washing her feet by candlelight.
First she washed them,
then she dried them over a fire of amber coal,
In all my life I ne'er did see
a maid so sweet about the soul

Whack fol the toora, toora laddy
Whack fol the foora loora lay

As I came back through Dublin city
at the hour of half past eight
Who should I spy but the Spanish lady
brushing her hair in the broad daylight.
First she tossed it, then she brushed it,
on her lap was a silver comb
In all my life I ne'er did see
a maid so fair since I did roam.

Whack fol the toora, toora laddy
Whack fol the foora loora lay

As I went back through Dublin city
as the sun began to set
Who should I spy but the Spanish lady
catching a moth in a golden net.
When she saw me then she fled me
lifting her petticoat over her knee
In all my life I ne'er did see
a maid so shy as the Spanish lady.

Whack fol the toora, toora laddy
Whack fol the foora loora lay

I've wandered north and I've wandered south
through Stonybatter and Patrick's Close
Up and around the Gloucester Diamond
and back by Napper Tandy's house.
Old age has laid her hand on me
cold as a fire of ashy coals
In all my life I ne'er did see
a maid so sweet as the Spanish lady.

Whack fol the toora, toora laddy
Whack fol the foora loora lay

I've met some folks who say that I'm a dreamer
And I've no doubt there's truth in what they say
But sure a body's bound to be a dreamer
When all the things he loves are far away.
And precious things are dreams onto an exile
They take him o'er the land across the sea
Especially when it happens he's an exile
From that dear lovely Isle of Innisfree.

And when the moonlight peeps across the rooftops
Of this great city wondrous tho' it be
I scarcely feel its wonder or its laughter
I'm once again back home in Innisfree.

I wander o'er green hills thro' dreamy valleys
And find a peace no other land could know
I hear the birds make music fit for angels
And watch the rivers laughing as they flow.
And then into a humble shack I wander
My dear old home, and tenderly behold
The folks I love around the turf fire gathered
On bended knees their rosary is told.

But dreams don't last
Tho' dreams are not forgotten
And soon I'm back to stern reality
But tho' they paved the footways here with gold dust
I still would choose the Isle of Innisfree.

We'll sing a song, a soldier's song
With cheering rousing chorus
As round our blazing fires we throng
The starry heavens o'er us
Impatient for the coming fight
And as we wait the morning's light
Here in the silence of the night
We'll chant a soldier's song

Soldiers are we
whose lives are pledged to Ireland
Some have come
from a land beyond the wave
Sworn to be free
No more our ancient sire land
Shall shelter the despot or the slave
Tonight we man the gap of danger
In Erin's cause, come woe or weal
'Mid cannons' roar and rifles peal
We'll chant a soldier's song

In valley green, on towering crag
Our fathers fought before us
And conquered 'neath the same old flag
That's proudly floating o'er us
We're children of a fighting race
That never yet has known disgrace
And as we march, the foe to face
We'll chant a soldier's song

Soldiers are we
whose lives are pledged to Ireland
Some have come
from a land beyond the wave
Sworn to be free
No more our ancient sire land
Shall shelter the despot or the slave
Tonight we man the gap of danger
In Erin's cause, come woe or weal
'Mid cannons' roar and rifles peal
We'll chant a soldier's song

Sons of the Gael! Men of the Pale!
The long watched day is breaking
The serried ranks of Inisfail
Shall set the Tyrant quaking
Our camp fires now are burning low
See in the east a silv'ry glow
Out yonder waits the Saxon foe
So chant a soldier's song

Soldiers are we
whose lives are pledged to Ireland
Some have come
from a land beyond the wave
Sworn to be free
No more our ancient sire land
Shall shelter the despot or the slave
Tonight we man the gap of danger
In Erin's cause, come woe or weal
'Mid cannons' roar and rifles peal
We'll chant a soldier's song

Here's a song of young lives lost before their time,
Of four daring lads cut down in their prime,
In a land that longs for freedom and for peace,
It's a prayer that all the heartache soon might cease.

Sometimes it is hard to find the words to say,
When it cuts so deep the pain won't go away,
How much longer must we struggle, mourn, and pray,
Until we see the light of freedoms dawning day?

In their boyhood years these lads learned at first hand,
They were only second class in their own land,
Stopped and searched by police each time they walked the streets,
And degraded by each foot patrol they'd meet,

To the ruc and soldiers it was fun,
To intimidate our children with their guns,
But there's some young folk will not take [Em]anymore,
And there's some that want to even up the score.

Barry o'donnell was a thorn in england's side,
And he led his volunteers with dauntless pride,
Sean o'farrell stood beside him all the while,
And we will never will forget his roguish smile,

Countless times in action these pair played their part,
That they couldn't hold them broke the soldiers heart,
But those two knew they lived on borrowed time,
But they'd make their mark, before they walked the line.
In coalisland square that february night,
Oh! The soldiers in the barracks all took fright,
For on a lorry coming straight ahead,
Was a unit of the east tyrone brigade,
From that lorry's back the irish flag flew high,
And that big machine gun pointed to the sky,
And when barry with that big gun, began to shoot,
How those soldiers longed for transfers to beirut.
As a tracer bullet split the barracks wall,
Those brave volunteers they showed no fear at all,
As the lorry drove away the people cheered,
Little knowing that their cries would soon be tears,
It was the boldest deed that little town had known,
In all the years of struggle in tyrone,
But it was the saddest night the town will come to know,
For the sas were waiting at clonoe.
It was not until they had the big gun down,
And the volunteers thought they were safe and sound,
That the sas they opened up on every side,
And in that killing field four brave men died,
We lost bold peter clancy on that night,
A volunteer who scorned britania's might,
Young paddy vincent died there at his side,
He lost his life for what he thought was right.
We salute barry, peter, paddy, sean,
Though you've left us still your memory will live on,
For you the crown a knee you'd never bend,
And you were bold and fearless to the end,
So come all of you that love your native land,
As for peace and freedom we march hand in hand,
Our four volunteers have not been lost in vain,
From the ashes we can build our land again.

Sadly but slowly one night in November 
I laid down my weary head for to repose 
On my pillow of straw which I long shall remember 
I been weary for sleep, I fell into a doze. 

I been tired from working hard down in the foreign prison yard 
Night brought relief to my sad heart's should free 
I've been locked in my prison cell, surely an earthly hell 
I then fell asleep and commenced for to dream 

I dreamed I was sitting on a green hill of Erin 
With no hesitating and victory won, 
Surrounded by comrades, no enemies fearing, 
But then was the cry, "Every man to his gun" 

It's on came the section then; dread not, ye Fenian men; 
Soon they fell back from their pike's volunteers 
I dreamed that I saw our brave noble commander 
Was mounted on steed and his guard did surrear 

He was brave-trimmed with gold and his bright shining chevrons want 
'Twas all dint with sunbeams of freedom that day 
Slam bang, the cannons slew, lines they were all cut through 
Men on both sides lay dying and dead 

The green flag went waving high that day beneath the battle sky 
Everyone there did sing out gloriously 
Every man, boy was on oath bound to die that day or stand their ground 
And all from our vengeance the proud Briton fled. 

Slam bang, the cannons slew, lines they were all cut through 
Men on both sides lay dying and lay dead 
Jump out of your prison bearth, for Irishmen have done their work 
God he is with us and old Erin is free. 

I dreamed I was sleeping the night beams around me 
Whilst pitching their lights upon that bloody plain 
When friends that I once knew in soft sleep reposing 
Lay dead and in their gore. Shall I e'er see them again? 

With joy then I hastened back over the mountain track 
My mother she fainted and gave a loud scream 
Surely when I awoke just as the daylight broke 
And found I was in exile and all but a dream

Oh the sun it shines out like a jewel
on the lovely hills of Clare
as I walked along with my sweet love
one evening at the fair
her eyes they shone like silver streams
her long and golden hair
and I have won the heart of one
my Lovely Rose of Clare

Oh My Lovely Rose of Clare
you're the sweetest girl I know
the queen of all the roses
and the pretty flowers that grow
you are the sunshine of my life
so beautiful and fair
and I will always love you
my lovely rose of Clare

As we walked down by the riverbank
watched the Shannon flowing by
and listening to the nightingale
sing songs for you and I
and to bid farewell
to all so true and fair
for I have won the heart of one
my Lovely Rose of Clare

Oh My Lovely Rose of Clare
you're the sweetest girl I know
the queen of all the roses
and the pretty flowers that grow
you are the sunshine of my life
so beautiful and fair
and I will always love you
my lovely rose of Clare

Well it was Sunday bloody Sunday
When they shot the people there
The cries of thirteen martyrs
Filled the Free Derry air
Is there any one amongst you
Dare to blame it on the kids?
Not a soldier boy was bleeding
When they nailed the coffin lids!

Sunday bloody Sunday
Bloody Sunday's the day!

You claim to be majority
Well you know that it's a lie
You're really a minority
On this sweet emerald isle
When Stormont bans our marches
They've got a lot to learn
Internment is no answer
It's those mothers' turn to burn!

Sunday bloody Sunday
Bloody Sunday's the day!

Sunday bloody Sunday
Bloody Sunday's the day!

You Anglo pigs and Scotties
Sent to colonize the North
You wave your fucking Union Jack
And you know what it's worth!
How dare you hold to ransom
A people proud and free
Keep Ireland for the Irish
Turn the British back to sea!

Sunday bloody Sunday
Bloody Sunday's the day!

Well, it's always bloody Sunday
In the concentration camps
Keep Falls Road free forever
From the bloody English hands
Repatriate to Britain
All of you who call it home
Leave Ireland to the Irish
Not for London or for Rome!

Sunday bloody Sunday
Bloody Sunday's the day!

Sunday bloody Sunday
Bloody Sunday's the day!

Sunday bloody Sunday
Bloody Sunday's the day!

Sunday bloody Sunday
Bloody Sunday's the day!

Do ye mind the old horse trams a long time ago, 
As they passed through the city at jog trot or slow? 
On the level they cantered, but the pace it did kill 
When they got to the bottom of Ligoniel Hill. 

But the trace-boys were there with a heart and a hand, 
They let down the traces and buckled each band. 
The passengers sat on contented and still 
When they saw the bold trace-boys of Ligoniel hill. 

Away we did canter as fast as the wind, 
And left the poor country carts plodding behind; 
And that song of the wind in my heart I hear still 
As when I was a trace-boy on Ligoniel Hill. 

The youth of today hold their heads in the air 
And the young girls pass by with a golliwog stare, 
Let them pity the crulge on my back if they will 
But I once was a trace-boy on Ligoniel Hill. 

My friends all departed, and work now so scarce, 
The only thing left is a ride in a hearse; 
For the sky is my roof and my bed a brick-kiln, 
Yet I once was a trace-boy on Ligoniel Hill.

Now Ireland's a very funny place, sir
It's a strange and a troubled land
And the Irish are a very funny race, sir
Every girl's in the Cumann na mBan
Every doggie wears a tri-coloured ribbon
Tied firmly to its tail
And it wouldn't be surprising 
If there'd be another rising
Said the man from the Daily Mail 

Every bird upon my word
Is singing treble - I'm a rebel
Every hen it's said is laying hand grenades
Over there sir, I declare Sir
And every cock in the farmyard
Stock crows in triumph for the Gael
And it wouldn't be surprising
If there'd be another rising
Said the man from the Daily Mail 

Now the other day I travelled down to Clare, sir
I spied in an old boreen
A bunch of busy gooses there, sir
Dressed in orange, white and green
They marched to the German goose step
As they whistled Grann na bheal
and I'm shakin' in me shoes
As I'm sending out the news
Said the man from the Daily Mail 

Every bird upon my word
Is singing treble - I'm a rebel
Every hen it's said is laying hand grenades
Over there sir, I declare Sir
And every cock in the farmyard
Stock crows in triumph for the Gael
And it wouldn't be surprising
If there'd be another rising
Said the man from the Daily Mail 

Now the whole place is seething with sedition
It's Sinn Fein through and through
All the peelers they are joining local units
And the password's Sinn Fein too
Every doggie wears a tri-coloured ribbon
Tied firmly to its tail
And it wouldn't be surprising
If there'd be another rising
Said the man from the Daily Mail 

Every bird upon my word
Is singing treble - I'm a rebel
Every hen it's said is laying hand grenades
Over there sir, I declare Sir
And every cock in the farmyard
Stock crows in triumph for the Gael
And it wouldn't be surprising
If there'd be another rising
Said the man from the Daily Mail

The moon it shone down on Dublin town
When the deadly fight was o'er
Thousands lay on the cold, cold ground
Their lives to claim no more
The moon it shone down in old O'Connell Street
Where a dying young rebel lay
With his body gashed and his arms outstretched
And his life's blood flowing away

A passing comrade soon heard the moans
The sufferer soon they found
Softly, gently they raised his head
Up from the cold, cold ground
Softly, gently come raised he cried
No longer on earth can I stay
I will never more roam to my own native home
Tipperary, so far away

A lock of my hair I pray you take
To my mother so dear to me
And tell her 'twas here by the Liffey side
My mouldering bones do lay
For it would grieve your heart
To see young men shot down,
Their bodies thrown into the sea
And a vision of light came before me tonight
Of Tipperary so far away

The soldiers of Ireland bore him on high
On their shoulders with solemm tread
And many a heart with tearful sigh
Wept over our patriot dead
In silence they lowered him into the grave
To rest to the reckoning day
Sean Treacy who died his home to save
In Tipperary so far away

I’m sitting at the window, I’m looking down the street
I am watching for your face, I’m listening for your feet.
Outside the wind is blowing and it’s just begun to rain,
And it’s being here without you that’s causing me such pain.
My mind’s wandering back again, to when you were here
And I wish I had you now, I wish that you were near.
I remember the winter nights when you warmed me from the cold
And in the spring when we walked through green fields and skies of gold.

You’re gone, you’re gone, but you’ll live on in my memory.

In summer we played with the kids and you brought us young Jane,
But now – now it’s lonely and cold and it’s winter once again.
It’s dark now, I see the stars are all out way up in the sky,
And oh! how they remind me of the sparkle in your eye.

I’m lonely, yes, I’m lonelier than the cold wind that blows,
Are you happy? Are you all right? I suppose God only knows.
And darling all the people are going to bed and the kids are crying for you
– How can I tell them that you’re dead?

You’re gone, you’re gone but you’ll live on in my memory,
You’re gone, you’re gone but you’ll live on in my memory.

When on Ramillie’s bloody field
The baffled French were forced to yield
The victor Saxon backward reeled
Before the charge of Clare’s Dragoons
The Flags we conquered in that fray
Look lone in Ypres’ choir, they say
We’ll win them company to-day
Or bravely die like Clare’s Dragoons

Viva la for Ireland’s wrong
Viva la, for Ireland’s right
Viva la in battle throng
For a Spanish steed, and sabre bright

The brave old Lord died near the fight
But for each drop he lost that night
A Saxon cavalier shall bite the dust
Before Lord Clare’s Dragoons
For never when our sabres met
Could we, the Saxon soldiers get
To stand the shock of Clare’s Dragoons

Viva la, the New Brigade
Viva la, the Old One too
Viva la, the rose shall fade
And the shamrock shine forever new

Another Clare is here to leased
The worthy son of such a breed
The French expect some famous deed
When Clare leads on his bold Dragoons
Our Colonel comes from Brians race
His wounds are in his breast and face
The bearna baoghail is still his place
The foremost of his bold Dragoons

Viva la, the New Brigade
Viva la, the Old One too
Viva la, the rose shall fade
And the shamrock shine forever new

There’s not a man in squadron here
Was ever known to flinch or fear
Though first in charge and last in rere
Have ever been Lord Clare’s Dragoons
But see, we’ll soon have work to do
To shame our boasts, or prove them true
For hither comes the English crew
To sweep away Lord Clare’s Dragoons

Viva la for Ireland’s wrong
Viva la, for Ireland’s right
Viva la in battle throng
For a Spanish steed, and sabre bright

Oh Comrades, think how Ireland pines
Her exiled Lords, her rifled shrines
Her dearest hope, the ordered lines
And bursting charge of Clare’s Dragoons
The fling your green flag to the sky
Be “Limerick” your battle cry
And charge, till blood floats fetlock-high
Around the track of Clare’s Dragoons

Viva la, the New Brigade
Viva la, the Old One too
Viva la, the rose shall fade
And the shamrock shine forever new

In Dublin's fair city, where the girls are so pretty
I first set my eyes on sweet Molly Malone
As she wheeled her wheelbarrow through streets broad and narrow
Crying cockles and mussels alive a-live O!

A-live a-live O! A-live a-live O!
Crying cockles and mussels alive a-live O!

She was a fishmonger and sure it was no wonder
For so were her father and mother before
And they both wheeled their barrows through streets broad and narrow
Crying cockles and mussels alive a-live O!

A-live a-live O! A-live a-live O!
Crying cockles and mussels alive a-live O!

She died of a fever and no one could save her
And that was the end of sweet Molly Malone
Now her ghost wheels her barrow through streets broad and narrow
Crying cockles and mussels alive a-live O!

A-live a-live O! A-live a-live O!
Crying cockles and mussels alive a-live O!
A-live a-live O! A-live a-live O!
Crying cockles and mussels alive a-live O!

How hard is my fortune
How vain my repining
The strong rope of fate
For my young neck is twining
My strength has departed
My cheeks sunk and sallow
As I languish in chains
In the gaol of Clûn Malla
 
No boy in the village
Was ever yet milder
I could play with a child
And my sport be no wilder
I could dance without tiring
From morning til evening
And my goal ball I'd strike
To the lightning of heaven
 
At my bedfoot decaying
My hurley is lying
Through the lads of the village
My goal ball is flying
My horse 'mongst the neighbours
Neglected may fallow
While this heart young and gay
Lies cold in Clûn Malla
 
Next sunday the pattern
At home will be keeping
The lads of the village
The fields will be sweeping
And the dance of fair maidens
The evening will hallow
While this heart
Young and gay
lies cold in Clûn Malla

The grey dawn has crept o’er the stillness of morning,
The dew drops they glisten like icicles breath,
The notes of the bugle have sounded their warning,
A young Connaught Ranger lay sentenced to death,
No cold-blooded murder had stained his pure conscience,
He called as a witness his maker on high,
He’d simply been fighting for Ireland’s loved freedom,
Arrested and tried he was sentenced to die.

Lay him away on the hillside,
Along with the brave and the bold,
Inscribe his name on the scroll of fame,
In letters of purest gold,
My conscience will never convict me,
He said with his dying breath,
May God bless the cause of freedom,
For which I am sentenced to death.

He thought of the love of his feeble old mother,
He though of the colleen so dear to his heart,
The sobs of affection, he scarcely could smother,
Well knowing how soon from them both he must part,
He feared not to die though his heart was near broken,
Twas simply remembrance of those he loved well,
His rosary he pressed to his heart as a token,
The prayer cheered his soul in the felon’s lone cell.

To the dim barrack square, the doomed hero was hurried,
In the grey of the dawn ere the sun rose on high,
With head held erect, undaunted, unworried,
The gallant young soldier went proudly to die,
I blame not my comrades for doing their duty,
Aim straight for my heart, were the last words he said,
Exposing his breast to the point of the rifles,
The smoke cleared away, the young soldier lay dead.

This song that I will sing of a brave young Irishman
In the struggle for freedom to free Ireland

He joined the IRA became a volunteer
To his comrades in arms he never showed fear.

Volunteer Gerard Casey freedom fighter to all
To the plight of his country he answered the call

And on active service he would never ask why
Our brave volunteer was not afraid to die

This man from North Antrim I'm sure you've all heard tell
Gerard Casey's the name, Rasharkin he did dwell.

He fought for his country he gave up his life.
For his family and friends and darling young wife.

In his younger days he lived his life to the full
Playing Gaelic Football things were not so dull.

Working with his father, serving out his time
To set Ireland free, to him it was no crime.

No stranger to harassment at the hands of the foe
He was tortured arrested to Castlereagh he go
Threatned by imprisonment and death in the end
Our brave volunteer to them he would not bend.

Cruel British assassins in the cover of dark
Headed for Rasharkin onto Shamrock Park
With their guns of terror they burst through the door
And the cowards went looking for the family man of four.

They found him with his wife his baby in bed
They sprayed English bullets and left Gerard Casey dead
The cowards had fled the sadness that night
For his wife and young family would carry on the fight.

His funeral at St. Mary's cruel forces of the crown
Large crowds defied them as the rain lashed down
The piper he played farewell at the grave
In honour of Gerard the bravest of the brave.

Our gallant volunteer North Antrim Brigade
And the rain sweped graveyard was where he was laid
Volunteers gone before him who lie in a plot
Gerard Casey and their names will never be forgot

The night was icy cold I stood along
I was waiting for an army foot patrol
And when at last they came into my sight
I squeezed the trigger of my armalite

Oh mama, oh mama comfort me
For I know these awful things have got to be
But when the war for freedom has been won
I promise you I'll put away my gun.

A shot rang out, I heard a soldier cry
"Oh please don't leave me here alone to die"
I realized his patrol had run away
And left their wounded comrade for me to slay.

Oh mama, oh mama comfort me
For I know these awful things have got to be
But when the war for freedom has been won
I promise you I'll put away my gun.

"There's nothing in this world I would not do
If there's mercy in your heart you'll let me live"
And in his eyes I saw a look of pain
As the mussel of my gun moved towards his brain.

Oh mama, oh mama comfort me
For I know these awful things have got to be
But when the war for freedom has been won
I promise you I'll put away my gun.

The dawn was breaking as I reached my base
I will not forget the look on that boy's face
Fear, agony, and torment where all there
Oh but to your memory, mother, his life I spared.

Oh mama, oh mama comfort me
For I know these awful things have got to be
But when the war for freedom has been won
I promise you I'll put away my gun.

well it's All For Me Grog me jolly jolly grog
all for me beer and tobacco
well I spent all me tin on the ladies drinkin gin
across the western ocean I will wander

Well it's all for me boots me noggin noggin boots
gone for me beer and tobacco
well the heels are worn ot
and the toes are kicked about
and the sole is lookin out for better weather

well it's All For Me Grog me jolly jolly grog
all for me beer and tobacco
well I spent all me tin on the ladies drinkin gin
across the western ocean I will wander

well it's all for me shirt me noggin noggin shirt
all for me beer and tobacco
well the collar it is worn
and the sleeves they are all torn
the tail is looking out for better weather

well it's All For Me Grog me jolly jolly grog
all for me beer and tobacco
well I spent all me tin on the ladies drinkin gin
across the western ocean I will wander

Well I'm sick in the head and I haven't been to bed
since I've been ashore for me slumber
well I spent all me dough
on the ladies don't ye know
across the western ocean I will wander

well it's All For Me Grog me jolly jolly grog
all for me beer and tobacco
well I spent all me tin on the ladies drinkin gin
across the western ocean I will wander

Well it's all for me stout, my Guinness Guinness stout
all for me beer and tobacco
Well I drank a pint of stout
but it's clear coming out
and the head is looking out for better weather!

As we gather in the chapel here in old Kilmainham Jail
I think about these past few weeks, oh will they say we've failed
From our schooldays they have told us we must yearn for liberty
Yet all I want in this dark place is to have you here with me.

Oh Grace just hold me in your arms ad let this moment linger
They'll take me out at dawn and I will die
With all my love I place this wedding ring upon your finger
There won't be time to share our love for we must say goodbye.

Now I know it's hard for you my love to ever understand
The love I bear for these brave men, my love for this dear land
But when the Padhraic called me to his side down in the GPO
I had to leave my own sick bed, to him I had to go

Oh Grace just hold me in your arms ad let this moment linger
They'll take me out at dawn and I will die
With all my love I place this wedding ring upon your finger
There won't be time to share our love for we must say goodbye.

Now as dawn is breaking, my heart is breaking too,
On this May morn as I walk out my thoughts well be of you
And I'll write some words upon the wall so everyone will know
I love so much that I could see his blood upon the rose.

Oh Grace just hold me in your arms ad let this moment linger
They'll take me out at dawn and I will die
With all my love I place this wedding ring upon your finger
There won't be time to share our love for we must say goodbye.

How's it goin' there everybody
From Cork, New York, Dundalk, Gortahork and Glenamaddy
Here we are in the County Clare
It's a long, long way from here to there
There's the Burren and the Cliffs of Moher
The Tulla and the Kilfenora
Miko Russell, Doctor Bill
Willy Clancy, Noel Hill
Flutes and fiddles everywhere
If it's music you want
You should go to Clare

Oh, Lisdoonvarna
Lisdoon, Lisdoon, Lisdoon, Lisdoonvarna

Everybody needs a break
Climb a mountain or jump in a lake
Some head off to exotic places
Others go to the Galway Races
Mattie goes to the South of France
Jim to the dogs, Peter to the dance
A cousin of mine goes potholing
A cousin of heres loves Joe Dolan
Summer comes around each year
We go there and they come here
Some jet off to... Frijiliana
But I always go to Lisdoonvarna

I always leave on a Thursday night
With me tent and me groundsheet rolled up tight
I like to hit Lisdoon
In around Friday afternoon
This gives me time to get me tent up and my gear together
I don't need to worry about the weather
Ramble in for a pint of stout
You'd never know who'd be hangin' about
There's a Dutchman playing a mandolin
And a German looking for Liam Óg O'Floinn
And there's Adam, Bono and Garrett Fitzgerald
Gettin' their photos taken for the Sunday World
Finbarr, Charlie and Jim Hand
And they drinkin' pints to bate the band
(Why would'nt they for Jasus sake are'nt they getting it for nothing)

The multitudes, they flocked in throngs
To hear the music and the songs
Motorbikes and Hi-ace vans
With bottles - barrels - flagons - cans
Mighty craic. Loads of frolics
Pioneers and alcoholics
PLAC, SPUC and the FCA
Free Nicky Kelly and the IRA
Hairy chests and milk-white thighs
Mickey dodgers in disguise
MC Graths, O'Briens, Pippins, Coxs
Massage parlours in horse boxes
There's amhráns, bodhráns, amadáns
Arab sheiks, Hindu Sikhs, Jesus freaks
RTE are makin' tapes, takin' breaks and throwin' shapes
This is heaven, this is hell
Who cares? Who can tell?
(Anyone for the last few Choc Ices, now?)

A 747 for Jackson Browne
They had to build a special runway just to get him down
Before the Chieftains could start to play
Seven creamy pints came out on a tray
Shergar was ridden by Lord Lucan
Seán Cannon did the backstage cookin'
Clannad were playin' "Harry's Game"
Christy was singin' "Nancy Spain"
Mary O'Hara and Brush Shields
Together singin' "The Four Green Fields"
Van the Man and Emmy Lou
Moving Hearts and Planxty too

Everybody needs a break
Climb a mountain or jump in a lake
Sean Doherty goes to the Rose of Tralee
Oliver J. Flanagan goes swimming in the Holy Sea
But I like the music and the open air
So every Summer I go to Clare
'Cause Woodstock, Knock nor the Feast of Cana
Can hold a match to Lisdoonvarna

I am a proud young Irishman.
In Ulster's hills my life began;
A happy boy through green fields ran;
I kept God's and man's laws.
But when my age was barely ten
My country's wrongs were told again.
By tens of thousands marching men
And my heart stirred to the cause.

So I'll wear no convict's uniform
Nor meekly serve my time
That Britain might brand lreland 's fight
Eight hundred years of crime.

I learned of centuries of strife,
Of cruel laws, injustice rife;
I saw now in my own young life
The fruits of foreign sway:
Protestors threatened, tortured, maimed,
Divisions nurtured, passions flamed,
Outrage provoked, right's cause defamed;
That is the conqueror's way.

Descended from proud Connacht clan,
Concannon served cruel Britain' s plan;
Man' s inhumanity to man
Had spawned a trusty slave.
No strangers are these bolts and locks,
No new design these dark H-Blocks,
Black Cromwell lives while Mason stalks;
The bully taunts the brave.

Does Britain need a thousand years
Of protest, riot, death and tears,
Or will this past decade of fears
Of eighty decades spell
An end to Ireland' s agony,
New hope for human dignity;
And will the last obscenity
Be this grim H-Block cell?

I drove my Sarcen through your garden last night
I kicked your front door down around at midnight
Something's telling me, boy, that your avoiding me
And when I find you, you will run for your tea

I've got a brand new shiny helmet, and a pair of kinky boots
I've got a lovely new flak jacket, a lovely khaki suit
When we go on night patrol, we hold each other's hand
For we are the British Army, and we're here to take your land

My good friend Bertie, he's in the UDR
Searching for weapons he will go near and far
Up around by Cappagh, you'd never find him there
The only gun he'll get there is an Armalite in his ear!

I've got a brand new shiny helmet, and a pair of kinky boots
I've got a lovely new flak jacket, a lovely khaki suit
When we go on night patrol, we hold each other's hand
For we are the British Army, and we're here to take your land

My good friend Trevor, he's in the RUC
But now they've handed him his redundancy
Folks along the border won't be seeing him any more
That Provo sniper will be missing him for sure!

I've got a brand new shiny helmet, and a pair of kinky boots
I've got a lovely new flak jacket, a lovely khaki suit
When we go on night patrol, we hold each other's hand
For we are the British Army, and we're here to take your land

My good friend Nigel, he's in the SAS
He says a change is just as good as arrest
Now they've gone and posted him way down to Crossmaglen
He wishes to blazes, he was back in jail again!

I've got a brand new shiny helmet, and a pair of kinky boots
I've got a lovely new flak jacket, a lovely khaki suit
When we go on night patrol, we hold each other's hand
For we are the British Army, and we're here to take your land

My good friend Sammy, he's in the DUP
An upstanding member, as all the world can see
I said, "Go up to Donegal, if you want to have some fun"
He said, "I'll take a run there, if I have nothing on"

I've got a brand new shiny helmet, and a pair of kinky boots
I've got a lovely new flak jacket, a lovely khaki suit
When we go on night patrol, we hold each other's hand
For we are the British Army, and we're here to take your land

My good friend Johnny, he's left the UDA
He said it'll fair the LDF anyday
Calling all his friends,"Get ready for a fight"
He's made an appointment to meet Billy Wright

I've got a brand new shiny helmet, and a pair of kinky boots
I've got a lovely new flak jacket, a lovely khaki suit
When we go on night patrol, we hold each other's hand
For we are the British Army, and we're here to take your land

A great crowd had gathered outside of Kilmeinhem,
With their heads uncovered they knelt on the ground.
From inside that grim prison lay a brave Irish soldier,
His life for his country about to lay down.

He went to his death like a true son of Ireland,
The firing party he bravely did face,
Then the order rang out: "Present Arms, Fire!"
James Connolly fell into a ready-made grave.

The black flag they hoisted the cruel deed was over,
Gone was the man who loved Ireland so well.
There was many a sad heart in Dublin that morning,
When they murdered James Connolly, the Irish Rebel!.

God's curse on you, England, you cruel-hearted monster
Your deeds they would shame all the devils in hell.
There are no flowers blooming but the shamrock is growing
On the grave of James Connolly, the Irish Rebel!.

Many years have rolled by since that Irish rebellion,
When the guns of Britannia they loudly did speak.
The bold I.R.A. they stood shoulder to shoulder,
And the blood from their bodies flowed down Sackville Street.

The Four Courts of Dublin the English bombarded,
The spirit of Freedom they tried hard to quell.
For above all the din rose the cry 'No Surrender,'
'Twas the voice of James Connolly, the Irish Rebel.

In the lowland of Creggan there lives a white hare
As swift as the swallow that flies through that air
You may tramp the world over but none can compare
With the pride of low creggan white hare

One clean autumn morning as you may suppose
The red golden sun o'er the green mountain rose
Barney Conway came down and he did declare
This day I'll put an end to that bonnie white hare

He searched through the lowlands and down through the glens
And among the wild bushes where the white hare had ends
Till at last coming home o'er the heather so bare
From behind a wild thistle jumped out the white hare

Bang bang went his gun and his dog it slipped too
As swift as the wind over the green mountain flew
But the dog soon came back wich made poor Barney sigh
For henknew that the white hare dad bid him again

We're some jolly sportsmen down here from Pomeroy
From Cookstown Dungannon and likewise the Moy
With our pedigree greyhound we've travelled afar
And we've come down to Creggan in our fine motor car

Away to the lowlands there huntsmen did go
in search to the white hare they look high and low
Till at last Barney Conway on a bog bank so bare
Shouted out to these huntsmen there lies the white hare

They call up their greyhounds from off the green lea
And Barney and the huntsmen they jump4ed high with glee
For thre on the turf bank all gathered around
Seven dogs and nine men did that poor hare surround

Now wonder the white hare did tremble with fear
As she stood on her toes and would raise her big ears
But she stood on her toes and with one gallant spring
She cleared overt overt the greyhounds and broke through the ring

Well the case i went on twas beautiful view
As swift as the wind o'er the green mountains flew
But with pedigree greyhound they didn't go far
They come back and went home in their motor car

There come another man and you all know him well
His name is Pat Devlin and Bonnie black Nell
In search of the white hare he says I'll have fun
here's fifty to one that Black Nell does her turn

Five turns the hare got then from Bonnie Black Nell
and the sixth one was given around John Haughey's well
Twas there we lost sight of the white hare and the dog
And ten minutes later they come o'er the bog

Well the chase it went on it was great for to see
The white hare and the greyhound they roamed light and free
Till she travelled to Esker where she knew the land well
And to Bonnie Black Nell she soon bid farewell

And now to counclude and finish it's time
I hope you'll forgive me for singing this rhyme
If there's any amongst you in Carrick more fair
Let's drink up a health to the bonnie white hare

The boat rides south o' Ailsa Craig, in the waning of the light,
There's thirty men in Lendalfit, tae mak our burden light.
There's thirty horse at Hazelholm, with the halters on their heads,
All set this night upon yon hieght, if wind and water speed.

Smugglers drink of the Frenchman's wine,
And the darkest night is the smuggler's time,
Away we run from the exciseman,
It's a smuggler's life for me,
It's a smuggler's life for me.

O lass ye hae a cosy bed, and cattle ye hae ten,
Can ye no live a lawful life, and live wi' lawful men.
But must I live with hamely goods, while there's foreign gear sae fine,
Must I drink at the waterside, and France sae full of wine.

O weel I like tae see ye Kate, with the bairnie on thy knee,
But my heart is now wi' the gallant crew, that plough thro' the angry sea,
The bitter-gales, the tightest sales, the sheltered bay our goal.
It's the wayward life, it's the smuggler's strife, it's the joy of the smuggler's soul.

And when at last the sun comes up and the cargoe safely stored
Like sinless saints to church we go, God's mercy to afford,
And it's Champagne fine for communion wine and the parson drinks it to
With a sly wink prays'forgive these men for they know not what they do!'

Hear it ring on the air
It's the voice of my country so fair
Oh, can't you feel, oh, can't you see
The IRA will set them free
Well, hear it ring on the air
It's the voice of my country so fair
Oh, can't you feel, oh, can't you see
The IRA will set them free

Well, in the jail that held Mc Sweeney
In the prison where he died
Lie two daughters of old Ireland
And they fill my heart with pride
For I know that England wishes
That we'd let them die alone
But all the voices of old Ireland
They cry for us to bring them home

Hear it ring on the air
It's the voice of my country so fair
Oh, can't you feel, oh, can't you see
The IRA will set them free

It was the love of dear old Ireland
That brought them to that prison hell
But the ghosts of Pearse and Connolly
They guard their lonely prison cell
And Clarke and Plunkett stand beside them
McDonagh, McDermott and Wolfe Tone
And all the voices of old Ireland
They cry for us to bring them home

Hear it ring on the air
It's the voice of my country so fair
Oh, can't you feel, oh, can't you see
The IRA will set them free

So I pray you men of Ireland
Don't betray our daughters true
Proudly stand behind our Provos
Lest they die for me and you
And though the tyrants may deny us
We shall break their hearts of stone
And all of Ireland will be singin'
When we bring our daughters home
Hear it ring on the air
It's the voice of my country so fair
Oh, can't you feel, oh, can't you see
The IRA will set them free

Hear it ring on the air
It's the voice of my country so fair
Oh, can't you feel, oh, can't you see
The IRA will set them free

Yes, the IRA will set them free

Twas on a Sunday evening the sun was in the sky
As he walked his way to the Gaelic pitch never thinking he was going to die
But as he crossed the checkpoint the sound of gunfire came
The news spread through the border town Aiden McAnespie was slain

For years he was harassed by the forces of the crown
As he went to his work every day he left his native town
The soldiers swore theyÂ´d get him the reason no one can say
And sure enough they murdered him in cold blood that sunny day

Oh why did you do it?
Have you not the guts to say
You say it was an accident or even a ricochet
But like Loughgall and Gibraltar youÂ´re lies are well renowned
You murdered Aiden McAnespie on his way to the Gaelic ground

The people heard the gunfire they came from miles around
They saw that you man lying there dying on the ground
His flow of life was ebbing fast and people they tried their best
That bullet wound it was far to deep it went right through his chest

Oh why did you do it?
Have you not the guts to say
You say it was an accident or even a ricochet
But like Loughgall and Gibraltar youÂ´re lies are well renowned
You murdered Aiden McAnespie on his way to the Gaelic ground

Aidens life had ended it was time for judgement day
The soldier he jumped down from the tower and the coward he slipped away
GodÂ´s curse on you Britannia for this cruel deed youÂ´ve done
But god will have his final say when your judgement day it comes

Oh why did you do it?
Have you not the guts to say
You say it was an accident or even a ricochet
But like Loughgall and Gibraltar youÂ´re lies are well renowned
You murdered Aiden McAnespie on his way to the Gaelic ground

To say it was an accident is the greatest crime of all
To his heart-broken family the worst had `er befalled
A cross it marks the lonely spot where Aiden was gunned down
As he strolled on that sunny evening on his way to the Gaelic ground

Oh why did you do it?
Have you not the guts to say
You say it was an accident or even a ricochet
But like Loughgall and Gibraltar youÂ´re lies are well renowned
You murdered Aiden McAnespie on his way to the Gaelic ground

Farewell to you my own true love
I'm sailing far far away
I'm bound for California
but I know that I'll return some day

So fare thee well, my own true love
When I return united we will be
It's not the leaving of Liverpool that grievs me
But my darling when I think of thee

Farewell to Prince's Landing Stage
River Mersey, fare thee well
I am bound for California
A place I know right well

So fare thee well, my own true love
When I return united we will be
It's not the leaving of Liverpool that grievs me
But my darling when I think of thee

I'm bound off for California
By the way of stormy Cape Horn
And I'm bound to write you a letter, love
When I am homeward bound

So fare thee well, my own true love
When I return united we will be
It's not the leaving of Liverpool that grievs me
But my darling when I think of thee

I have signed on a Yankee sailing ship
Davy Crockett I do tell
And the captian's name it is Burgess
And they say she's a floating Hell

So fare thee well, my own true love
When I return united we will be
It's not the leaving of Liverpool that grievs me
But my darling when I think of thee

I have shipped with Burgess once before
And I think I know him well
If a man's a seaman, he can get along
If not, then he's sure in Hell

So fare thee well, my own true love
When I return united we will be
It's not the leaving of Liverpool that grievs me
But my darling when I think of thee

Farewell to lower Frederick Street
Ensign Terrace and Park Lane
For I think it will be a long, long time
Before I see you again

So fare thee well, my own true love
When I return united we will be
It's not the leaving of Liverpool that grievs me
But my darling when I think of thee

Oh the sun is on the harbor, love
And I wish I could remain
For I know it will be a long, long time
until I see you again

So fare thee well, my own true love
When I return united we will be
It's not the leaving of Liverpool that grievs me
But my darling when I think of thee

When all beside a vigil keep
the West's asleep, the West's asleep
alsas and well may Erin weep
when Connacht lies in slumber deep
there lake and plain smile fair and free
mid rocks their guardian chivalry sing
oh let man learn liberty
from crashing winds and lashing sea

That chainess wave and lovely land
Freedom and Nationhood demand
be sure the great God never planned
for slumbering slaves a home so grand
and long a brave and haughty race
honored and sentinelled the place
Sing Oh, not even their son's disgrace
can quite destroy their glory's trace

For often in O'Connor's van
to triumph dashed each Connacht clan
and fleet as deer the Normans ran
through Corrsliabh Pass and Ardrahan
and later times saw deeds as brave
and glory guards Clanricard's grave
Sing Oh they died their land to save
at Aughrim's slopes and Shannon's waves

And if, when all a vigil keep
The West's asleep! The West's asleep!
Alas! And well may Erin weep
That Connacht lies in slumber deep
But, hark! A voice like thunder spake
The West's awake! The West's awake!
Sing, Oh! Hurrah! Let England quake!
We'll fight till death for Ireland's sake

It's as I was going over the Cork and Kerry Mountains
I met with Captain Farrel and his money he was countin'
I first produced my pistol and I then produced my rapier
sayin', "stand and deliver for I am your bold deceiver:

mush a ring a ma dor um dah
whack for the daddy Oh
whack for the daddy Oh
there's whiskey in the jar

I counted up my money and it made a pretty penny
I took that money home and I gave it to my Jenny
she promised and she vowed that she never would deceive me
but the devil take the women for they never can be easy

mush a ring a ma dor um dah
whack for the daddy Oh
whack for the daddy Oh
there's whiskey in the jar

I went into my chamber for to take a little slumber
I dreamt of gold and jewels and for sure it was no wonder
but Jenny took my charges and filled them up with water
and sent for Captain Farrel to be ready for the slaughter

mush a ring a ma dor um dah
whack for the daddy Oh
whack for the daddy Oh
there's whiskey in the jar

It was early in the mornin' before I rose to travel
surrounded by the footmen and likewise Captain Farrel
I went for my old pistol for they'd stolen my old rapier
but I couldn't shoot the water so a prisoner I was taken

mush a ring a ma dor um dah
whack for the daddy Oh
whack for the daddy Oh
there's whiskey in the jar

If anyone can save me it's my brother in the army
I think that he is stationed in Cork or in Killarney
and if he would be here we'd be rovin' in Kilkenny
I know he'd treat be better than my darlin' sportin' Jenny

mush a ring a ma dor um dah
whack for the daddy Oh
whack for the daddy Oh
there's whiskey in the jar

Now some take delight in the fishin' and the fowlin'
others take delight in the carriage wheels a rollin
I takes delight in the juice of the barley
and countin' pretty women in the mornin' oh so early

mush a ring a ma dor um dah
whack for the daddy Oh
whack for the daddy Oh
there's whiskey in the jar

Oh the Boys of Kilkenny are brave roaring blades
And if ever they meet with the nice little maids
They'll kiss them and coax them and spend their money free
And of all towns in Ireland Kilkenny for me
And of all towns in Ireland Kilkenny for me
Fal de ral de ral de ral de ral lal ra la la lo

In the Town of Kilkenny there runs a clear stream
In the Town of Kilkenny there lives a pretty dame
Her lips are like roses,  and her mouth much the same
Like a dish of fresh strawberries smother'd in cream
Fal de ral de ral de ral de ral lal ra la la lo

Her Eyes are as black as Kilkennys large coal
Which thro' my poor bosom have burnt a big hole
Her mind like its river is mild clear and pure
But her heart is more hard nor its marble I'm sure
Fal de ral de ral de ral de ral lal ra la la lo

Kilkenny's a pretty town and shines where it stands
And the more I think on it, the more my heart warms
For, if I was in Kilkenny I'd think myself at home
For it's there I'd get sweethearts, but here I get none
Fal de ral de ral de ral de ral lal ra la la lo

Oh as I came home on a Monday Night
As drunk as drunk could be
I thought I saw a horse outside
where my old horse should be
So I called the wife and I says to her
"Won't you kindly tell to me?
Who owns that horse outside the door
where my old horse should be?"

Ohhhh!
You're drunk you're drunk you silly old fool
as drunk as drunk can be
why that's a lovely sow my mother sent to me


But manys a days I traveled
a hundred miles or more
but...
a saddle on a sow... I've never seen that before

Oh as I came home on a Tuesday Night
As drunk as drunk could be
I thought I saw a sweater hanging
where my old sweater should be
So I called the wife and I says to her
"Won't you kindly tell to me?
Who owns that sweater beside the door
where my old sweater should be?"

Ohhhh!
You're drunk you're drunk you silly old fool
as drunk as drunk can be
why that's a lovely blanket my mother sent to me


But manys a days I traveled
a hundred miles or more
but...
buttons on a blanket... I've never seen that before

Oh as I came home on a Wednesday Night
As drunk as drunk could be
I thought I saw a Pipe
where my old pipe should be
So I called the wife and I says to her
"Won't you kindly tell to me?
Who owns that pipe beside the chair
where my old pipe should be?"

Ohhhh!
You're drunk you're drunk you silly old fool
as drunk as drunk can be
why that's a lovely tin whistle my mother sent to me


But manys a days I traveled
a hundred miles or more
but...
tobacco in a tin whistle... I've never seen that before

Oh as I came home on a Thursday Night
As drunk as drunk could be
I thought I saw two boots
where my two boots should be
So I called the wife and I says to her
"Won't you kindly tell to me?
Who owns those boots beneath the bed
where my two boots should be?"

Ohhhh!
You're drunk you're drunk you silly old fool
as drunk as drunk can be
why they're the lovely geranium pots my mother sent to me


But manys a days I traveled
a hundred miles or more
but...
laces on geranium pots... I've never seen that before

Oh as I came home on a Friday Night
As drunk as drunk could be
I thought I saw a Head
where my old head should be
So I called the wife and I says to her
"Won't you kindly tell to me?
Who owns that head upon that bed
where my old head should be?"

Ohhhh!
You're drunk you're drunk you silly old fool
as drunk as drunk can be
why that's a lovely baby boy my mother sent to me


But manys a days I traveled
a hundred miles or more
but...
whiskers on a baby boy... I've never seen that before

You may talk and sing and boast about your Peelers and your clans,
And how the boys from County Cork beat up the Black and Tan.
But I know a little codger who came out without a scar.
His name is Paddy Mulligan, the man from Mullingar.

The Peelers chased him out of Connemara,
For beatin' up the valiant Dan O'Hara.
And when he came to Ballymore, he stole the Parson's car,
And he sold it to the Bishop in the town of Castlegar.
Seven hundred Peelers couldn't match him.
The Chieftain paid the army for to catch him.
And when he came to Dublin Town, he stole an armoured car
And sold it to the IRA brigade in Mullingar.

Well the Peelers got their orders to suppress the man on sight.
So they sent for reinforcements through the county left and right.
Three thousand men surrounded him, they hunted near and far.
But he was with the IRA brigade in Johnson's motorcar.

The Peelers chased him out of Connemara,
For beatin' up the valiant Dan O'Hara.
And when he came to Ballymore, he stole the Parson's car,
And he sold it to the Bishop in the town of Castlegar.
Seven hundred Peelers couldn't match him.
The Chieftain paid the army for to catch him.
And when he came to Dublin Town, he stole an armoured car
And sold it to the IRA brigade in Mullingar.

They came with tanks and armoured cars, they came with all their might.
Them Peelers never counted on old Paddy's dynamite.
On the fourteenth day of April, well he blew them to July.
And the name of Paddy Mulligan took half of Ireland's pride.

He grew up on a farm in a troubled Irish land
Under foreign rule and the British Crown's command
His father fought for Ireland 50 years before
But the Free State cut their losses and the English won the war
And when internment without trial was the order of the day
When his brother was arrested and his friends were blown away
When he was beaten near to death he decided come what may
He would throw his lot in with the Provos and he joined the IRA..

In the Occupied Six Counties perhaps it never will be known
All the foreign soldiers in Armagh and Tyrone
Who decided to head back -across the Irish Sea
So they wouldn't have to meet -the man from south of Derry
He never wavered in his battle -for Irish liberty
And the Crown would soon regret -the day they made him their enemy
The Brits called it "bandit country" and it filled them all with fright
In the border lands, he who walked the hills at night...

"Up the Provos!", that's what he said
Three little words that filled the British Crown with dread
With a rifle on his shoulder, a timer and a fuse...
Long may we remember Commandante Francis Hughes,
Long may we remember Commandante Francis Hughes.

Once he was surrounded by the SAS
How he might escape was anybody's guess.
In his boots and camouflage he didn't miss a beat
He walked right past the soldiers and out into the street
Once he came upon a checkpoint, the soldier didn't want to die
He recognized our Francis and the soldier waved him by
He didn't want to find out if he could take what he could give
He knew there'd be a shootout and the soldier chose to live...

"Up the Provos!" – that's what he said
And from this farmer's son better men had fled
With a rifle on his shoulder, a timer and a fuse..
Long may we remember Commandante Francis Hughes,
Long may we remember Commandante Francis Hughes...

He was the North's most wanted man with his photo everywhere
But he eluded capture with his wit and dyed blond hair
For six years he was active, three times as long as most
He became a legend, north to south and coast to coast
He came upon two soldiers out one night on patrol
They shot him in the firefight and the bullets took their toll
He crawled off into the bushes, but they found him the next day
Put him on a stretcher and they carried him away

"Up the Provos!" -that's what he said
With a shattered bone and a body full of lead
With a rifle on his shoulder, a timer and a fuse..
Long may we remember Commandante Francis Hughes,
Long may we remember Commandante Francis Hughes

They beat him and they tortured him and they gave him eighty years
When they brought him to the H-Blocks he was greeted there with cheers
He went right onto the blanket and when the hunger strike began
He was the first to volunteer along with Bobby Sands
He was an Irish soldier and that's how he did his time
He knew he was no criminal -when occupation was the crime
Bobby Sands had passed beyond us, where Francis soon would be
And although he couldn't stand -and he could barely see..

"Up the Provos!" -that's what he said
As they carried him to hospital to lay in his death bed
With a rifle on his shoulder, a timer and a fuse..
Long may we remember Commandante Francis Hughes,
"Up the Provos!" -that's what he said
As they carried him to hospital to lay in his death bed
With a rifle on his shoulder, a timer and a fuse..
Long may we remember Commandante Francis Hughes,
Long may we remember Commandante Francis Hughes.

From a county Mayo town came a man of great renown
As a sailor and a soldier was none bolder
He went to America at an early age they say
As a cabin boy to sail the wide world over
Then adventure took him south to the De La Plata mouth
San Martin was on the route in Argentina
So three whaling ships he bought and Brazil and Spain he fought
And freedom then he sought for Argentina
Now Admiral William Brown you're a man of courage shown
And in battles fought the odds were all against you
But your Irish heart was strong and in memory still lives on
And in Ireland there are some that don't forget you
On St. Patrick's day it's told you had many victories bold
You defeated all invaders thugs and bullys
Then through the Pampas rose and you found a happy home
"Las Islas Malvinas, Argentinas"
He had heard of Irish hands in noble gallant bands
That helped to free the land called Argentina
He had heard with great acclaim the Patricios name and fame
When in 1806 the British came for slaughter
And to this very day in the Argentine they say
The English ran away form Buenos Aires
To the islands further down and they took them for the crown
"Las Islas Malvinas, Argentinas"
We remember William Brown and his land of great renown
He, invader of the islands from your country
When in 1833 were by pirates forced to flee
And in Ireland sure we know the story fully
And the people that went too to the Argentine when new
To escape the English laws and wars and famine
They had proved a loyal crew just like all the Irish do
"Las Islas Malvinas, Argentinas"
The old colonial days and cruel English ways
With her thunder plunder we will teach the natives
For the Brits are going to war just like Whitelocke didbefore
With her ships and guns and drums and flags and banners
In the Empire days of old when they murdered for gold
And paraded it around the streets of London
Oh no human rights were given to the natives dead or living
"Las Islas Malvinas, Argentinas"
In the Argentine he died Father Fahey by his side
'57 was the year his country mourned him
A hero of the nation he's remembered with elation
Throughout the world where freedom still abounds
And the Southern Cross take note where bold Willie Bullfin wrote
The Irish still support you Argentina
With the Empire tumbling down let no Paddies back the crown
"Las Islas Malvinas, Argentinas"

In South Armagh there was a man who had a long ranged gun
He said "I'll show them army boys there's nowhere they can run"
He was the South Armagh sniper
He'd pick a spot and wait the whole day through
Until a Brit patrol came into view
The Armagh sniper he never missed his mark
He was lethal in the daytime and deadly in the dark
If he gets you in his sights you'd better say your prayers
So British troops go home or else beware
 
Soon his reputation spread through Ulster like wildfire
The list of British casualties just kept on getting higher
It was the South Armagh sniper
He made the British forces think again
Of wandering at night through Crossmaglen
The Armagh sniper the Brits were terrified
They could never pin him down no matter how they tried
If he gets you in his sights he'll make widows of your wives
So Brits go home while you still have your lives
 
Now in London and in Dublin they pretend to speak of peace
They say give us your guns and we shall make this bloodshed cease
But the South Armagh sniper
He's heard their lies and double talk before
He won't be fooled or cheated anymore
The Armagh sniper he hasn't gone away
His rifles always loaded he's just waiting for the day
So if the British forces should break their word well then
The sniper will go back to work again

In the village of Kildorey, there lived a maiden fair
Her eyes they shone like diamonds, she had long and golden hair
And a countryman came riding, up to her father's gate
Mounted on a milk white stallion, he came at the stroke of eight

Step it out Mary, my fine daughter
Step it out Mary, if you can
Step it out Mary, my fine daughter
Show your legs to the countryman

I've come to court your daughter, Mary of the golden hair
I have wealth and I have money, I have goods beyond compare
I will buy her silks and satin and a gold ring for her hand
I'll build for her a mansion, she'll have servants to command

Step it out Mary, my fine daughter
Step it out Mary, if you can
Step it out Mary, my fine daughter
Show your legs to the countryman

Oh kind sir I love a soldier, I've pledged to him my hand
I don't want your wealth nor money, I don't want your goods nor land
Mary's father spoke up sharply: "You will do as you are told
You'll be married on next Sunday and you'll wear that ring of gold"

Step it out Mary, my fine daughter
Step it out Mary, if you can
Step it out Mary, my fine daughter
Show your legs to the countryman

In the village of Kildorey, there's a deep stream running by
They found Mary there at midnight, she drowned with the soldier boy
In the cottage there is music, you can hear the father say:
"Step it out Mary my fine daughter, Sunday is your wedding day"

Step it out Mary, my fine daughter
Step it out Mary, if you can
Step it out Mary, my fine daughter
Show your legs to the countryman

Ten years before I saw the light of morning
A comradeship of heroes was laid
From every corner of the world came sailing
The Fifth International Brigade

They came to stand beside the Spanish people
To try and stem the rising fascist tide
Franco's allies were the powerful and wealthy
Frank Ryan's men came from the other side

Even the olives were bleeding
As the battle for Madrid it thundered on
Truth and love against the force of evil
Brotherhood against the fascist clan

Viva la Quinta Brigada
"No Pasaran", the pledge that made them fight
"Adelante" is the cry around the hillside
Let us all remember them tonight

Bob Hilliard was a Church of Ireland pastor
Form Killarney across the Pyrenees he came
From Derry came a brave young Christian Brother
Side by side they fought and died in Spain

Tommy Woods age seventeen died in Cordoba
With Na Fianna he learned to hold his gun
From Dublin to the Villa del Rio
Where he fought and died beneath the blazing sun

Viva la Quinta Brigada
"No Pasaran", the pledge that made them fight
"Adelante" is the cry around the hillside
Let us all remember them tonight

Many Irishmen heard the call of Franco
Joined Hitler and Mussolini too
Propaganda from the pulpit and newspapers
Helped O'Duffy to enlist his crew

The word came from Maynooth, "support the Nazis"
The men of cloth failed again
When the Bishops blessed the Blueshirts in Dun Laoghaire
As they sailed beneath the swastika to Spain

Viva la Quinta Brigada
"No Pasaran", the pledge that made them fight
"Adelante" is the cry around the hillside
Let us all remember them tonight

This song is a tribute to Frank Ryan
Kit Conway and Dinny Coady too
Peter Daly, Charlie Regan and Hugh Bonar
Though many died I can but name a few

Danny Boyle, Blaser-Brown and Charlie Donnelly
Liam Tumilson and Jim Straney from the Falls
Jack Nalty, Tommy Patton and Frank Conroy
Jim Foley, Tony Fox and Dick O'Neill

Viva la Quinta Brigada
"No Pasaran", the pledge that made them fight
"Adelante" is the cry around the hillside
Let us all remember them tonight

Come all ye loyal heroes and listen on to me.
Don't hire with any farmer till you know what your work will be
You will rise up early in the morning from the clear day light till the dawn
and you never will be able for to plough the Rocks of Bawn.

My shoes they are worn and my stockings they are thin
My heart is always trembling now for fear they might give in
My heart is always trembling now from clear daylight till the dawn
And I never will be able for to plough the Rocks of Bawn.

Rise up, gallant Sweeney, and get your horses hay
And give them a good feed of oats before they start away
Don't feed them on soft turnip sprigs that grow on your green lawn
Or they never will be able for to plough the Rocks of Bawn.

My curse upon you, Sweeney boy, you have me nearly robbed
You're sitting by the fireside now, your feet upon the hob
You're sitting by the fireside now, from clear daylight till dawn
And you never will be able for to plough the Rocks of Bawn

I wish the Sergeant-Major would send for me in time
And place me in some regiment all in my youth and prime
I'd fight for Ireland's glory now, from the clear daylight till dawn
Before I would return again to plough the Rocks of Bawn.

Children's laughter children tears
Childish joys of childhood years
Are just memories of our once happy home
Its not death that brings the pain
I would face it all again
But it grieves me so to leave you all along

Do the wee ones still sigh when they hear their daddy's name
Do they sadly ask you why I won't be home again
How hard it is to know I'll never see them grow
Let my dying bring for them a better land

May they never know the fears
That blighted my young years
Of the shackles that have bound my native land
May they see the joy of life
And not cruel civil strife
Foreign laws imposed by brutal strangers hands

Let them grow in love and truth
Let them blossom into youth
Guided by their mother's loving hand
Let them cherish Ireland's pride
For this Joe McDonnell died
Let them know their father loved them and his land

The little boats have gone
from the breast of Anna Liffey
And the ferrymen are stranded on the quay
sure the Dublin docks are dying
and a way of life is gone
And Molly it was part of you and me

Where the strawberry beds
Sweep down to the Liffey
You'll kiss away the worries from my brow
I love you well today
and I love you more tomorrow
If you ever loved me Molly love me now

twas the only job I knew
It was hard but never lonely
The Liffey Ferry made a man of me
Now its gone without a whisper
ah Forgotten even now
Sure its over Molly over can't you see

Where the strawberry beds
Sweep down to the Liffey
You'll kiss away the worries from my brow
I love you well today
and I love you more tomorrow
If you ever loved me Molly love me now

Well now I tell my yarns
And I'll spend my days in talking
And I'll hear them whisper Charly's
on the Dole
But Molly we're still living
And darlin' we're still young
And that river never owned me heart or soul

Where the strawberry beds
Sweep down to the Liffey
You'll kiss away the worries from my brow
I love you well today
and I love you more tomorrow
If you ever loved me Molly love me now

I'll tell you a story of a row in the town, 
When the green flag went up and the Crown rag came down, 
'Twas the neatest and sweetest thing ever you saw, 
And they played the best games played in Erin Go Bragh. 

One of our comrades was down at Ring's end, 
For the honor of Ireland to hold and defend, 
He had no veteran soldiers but volunteers raw, 
Playing sweet Mauser music for Erin Go Bragh. 

Now here's to Pat Pearse and our comrades who died 
Tom Clark, MacDonagh, MacDiarmada, McBryde, 
And here's to James Connolly who gave one hurrah, 
And placed the machine guns for Erin Go Bragh. 

One brave English captain was ranting that day, 
Saying, "Give me one hour and I'll blow you away," 
But a big Mauser bullet got stuck in his craw, 
And he died of lead poisoning in Erin Go Bragh. 

Old Ceannt and his comrades like lions at bay, 
From the South Dublin Union poured death and dismay, 
And what was their horror when the Englishmen saw 
All the dead khaki soldiers in Erin Go Bragh. 

Now here's to old Dublin, and here's her renown, 
In the long generation her fame will go down, 
And our children will tell how their forefathers saw, 
The red blaze of freedom in Erin Go Braugh.

Well, if you've got a wing-o, take her up to Ring-o
Where the waxies sing-o all the day;
If you've had your fill of porter, and you can't go any further
Give your man the order: "Back to the Quay!"

And take her up to Monto, Monto, Monto
Take her up to Monto, lan-ge- roo,
To you!

You've heard of the Duke of Gloucester, the dirty old imposter
He got a mot and lost her, up the Furry Glen.
He first put on his bowler and he buttoned up his trousers,
And he whistled for a growler and he says, "My man"

And take her up to Monto, Monto, Monto
Take her up to Monto, lan-ge- roo,
To you!

You've heard of the Dublin Fusileers, the dirty old bamboozileers,
They went and got the childer, one, two, three.
Oh, marching from the Linen Hall there's one for every cannonball,
And Vick's going to send them all, o'er the sea.
But first go up to

And take her up to Monto, Monto, Monto
Take her up to Monto, lan-ge- roo,
To you!

When Carey told on Skin-the-goat, O'Donnell caught him on the boat
He wished he'd never been afloat, the filthy skite.
It wasn't very sensible to tell on the Invincibles]
They stood up for their principles, day and night.
And they all went up to

And take her up to Monto, Monto, Monto
Take her up to Monto, lan-ge- roo,
To you!

Now when the Czar of Russia and the King of Prussia
Landed in the Phoenix Park in a big balloon,
They asked the polismen to play "The Wearin' of the Green"
But the buggers in the depot didn't know the tune.
So they both went up to

And take her up to Monto, Monto, Monto
Take her up to Monto, lan-ge- roo,
To you!

Now the Queen she came to call on us, she wanted to see all of us
I'm glad she didn't fall on us, she's eighteen stone.
"Mister Melord the Mayor," says she, "Is this all you've got to
show me?"
"Why, no ma'am there's some more to see, Pog mo thoin!"
And he took her up

And take her up to Monto, Monto, Monto
Take her up to Monto, lan-ge- roo,
To you!

Far away from the land of the Shamrock and heather
In search of a living, as exiles we roam
But whenever we chance to assemble together
We think of the land where we once had a home:
But these homes are destroyed and our soil confiscated
The hand of the tyrant brought plunder and woe;
The fires are now quenched and our hearts desolated
In our once happy homes in the County Mayo

Long years have now passed since with hearts full of sorrow
The of the Shamrock we left far behind;
But how we would like to go back there to-morrow;
To the scenes of our youth, which we still bear in mind;
The days of our childhood, it's now we recall them
They cling to our vision wherever we go;
And the friends of our youth we will never forget them
They too ar exiled from the County Mayo

From historic Killala, from Swinford to Calla
Ballyhaunis and Westport and old Castlebar
Kiltimagh and Claremorris, Belmullet and Erris
Kilkelly and Knock that's famed near and far;
Balla, Ballinrobe, Ballina and Bohola
Keeloges and Foxford a few miles below
Newport and Cong with old Straide and Manulla
Charlestown too, in the County Mayo

Then on with the cause 'till our aim is accomplished
Those who would fault us are cowardly and mean
So stand in the fight 'till the tyrant is vanquished
Expelled from our Dear little Island of Green
With the foes of our land we have fought a long battle
Soon they will get their last death-dealing blow
When old Nick has received them, their brains he will rattle
For the wrongs they have done to the County Mayo

From Galway to Dublin, from Derry to Kerry
New York and 'Frisco and Boston also
In Pittsburg, Chicago, Detroit and Toronto
There are stout-hearted men from the County Mayo
Now boys, pull together in all sorts of weather
Don't show the white feather, wherever you go
Act each as a brother and help one another
Like true hearted men from the County Mayo

A Bansha Peeler went one night
On duty and patrolling O
And met a goat upon the road
And took her for a stroller O
With bayonet fixed he sallied forth
And caught her by the wizzen O
And then he swore a mighty oath
‘I’ll send you off to prison O’

‘Oh, mercy, sir’, the goat replied
‘Pray let me tell my story O
I am no Rogue, no Ribbon man
No Croppy, Whig, or Tory O
I’m guilty not of any crime
Of petty or high treason O
I’m sadly wanted at this time
This is the milking season O’

‘It is in vain for to complain
Or give your tongue such bridle O
You’re absent from your dwelling place
Disorderly and idle O
Your hoary locks will not prevail
Nor your sublime oration O
You’ll be transported by Peel’s Act
Upon my information O’

‘No penal law did I transgress
By deeds or combination O
I have no certain place to rest
No home or habitation O
But Bansha is my dwelling-place
Where I was bred and born O
Descended from an honest race
That’s all the trade I’ve learned O’

‘I will chastise your insolence
And violent behaviour O
Well bound to Cashel you’ll be sent
Where you will gain no favour O
The magistrates will all consent
To sign your condemnation O
From there to Cork you will be sent
For speedy transportation O’

‘This parish and this neighbourhood
Are peaceable and tranquil O
There’s no disturbance here, thank God
And long may it continue so.
I don’t regard your oath a pin
Or sign for my committal O
My jury will be gentlemen
And grant me my acquittal O’

‘The consequence be what it will
A peeler’s power, I’ll let you know
I’ll handcuff you, at all events
And march you off to Bridewell O
And sure, you rogue, you can’t deny
Before the judge or jury O
Intimidation with your horns
And threatening me with fury O’

‘I make no doubt but you are drunk
With whiskey, rum, or brandy O
Or you wouldn’t have such gallant spunk
To be so bold or manly O
You readily would let me pass
If I had money handy O
To treat you to a poiteen glass
It’s then I’d be the dandy O’

Sure I'm an Ulster Orangeman, from Erin's Isle I came
To see my Glasgow brethren all of honor and of fame
And to tell them of my forefathers who fought in days of yore
All on the twelfth day of July in The Sash My Father Wore.

It is old but it is beautiful, and its colors they are fine
It was worn at Derry, Aughrim, Enniskillen and the Boyne.
From my orange and purple forefather, it descended with galore
It's a terror to them Papish boys, The Sash My Father Wore.

So here I am in Glasgow town, youze boys and girls to see
And I hope that in good Orange style you will welcome me
A true blue blade that's just arrived from that dear Ulster shore
All on the twelfth day of July in The Sash My Father Wore.

It is old but it is beautiful, and its colors they are fine
It was worn at Derry, Aughrim, Enniskillen and the Boyne.
From my orange and purple forefather, it descended with galore
It's a terror to them Papish boys, The Sash My Father Wore.

And when I'm going to leave yeeze all, "Good Luck," to youze I'll say
And as I cross the raging sea, my Orange flute I'll play
Returning to my native town, to old Belfast once more
To be welcomed back by Orangemen in The Sash My Father Wore.

It is old but it is beautiful, and its colors they are fine
It was worn at Derry, Aughrim, Enniskillen and the Boyne.
From my orange and purple forefather, it descended with galore
It's a terror to them Papish boys, The Sash My Father Wore.

So fare thee well, my own true love
I'll think of you night and day

Farewell to old Ireland
Good-bye to you, Bannastrant
No time to look back
Facing the wind, fighting the waves
May heaven protect us all
From cold, hunger and angry squalls
Pray I won't be lost
Wind in the sails, carry me safe

Chorus:
So fare thee well, my own true love
I'll think of you night and day
A place in my mind you will surely find
Although I am so far away
And when I'm alone far away from home
I'll think of the good times once more
Until I can make it back someday here
To Paddy's green shamrock shore

Out now on the ocean deep
Ship's noise makes it hard to sleep
Tears fill up my eyes
The image of you won't go away

So fare thee well, my own true love
I'll think of you night and day
A place in my mind you will surely find
Although I am so far away
And when I'm alone far away from home
I'll think of the good times once more
Until I can make it back someday here
To Paddy's green shamrock shore

New York is in sight at last
My heart, it is pounding fast
Trying to be brave
Wishing you near
By my side, a stor

So fare thee well, my own true love
I'll think of you night and day
A place in my mind you will surely find
Although I am so far away
And when I'm alone far away from home
I'll think of the good times once more
Until I can make it back someday here
To Paddy's green shamrock shore

Until I can make it back someday here
To Paddy's green shamrock shore

There's a glen in Aghadoe, Aghadoe, Aghadoe 
There's a deep and secret glen in Aghadoe 
Where we met my love and I, love's fair planet in the sky 
In that deep and silent glen in Aghadoe 

There's a glade in Aghadoe, Aghadoe, Aghadoe 
There's a deep and secret glade in Aghadoe 
Where I hid from the eyes of the redcoats and their spies 
That year the trouble came to Aghadoe 

But they tracked me to that glen in Aghadoe, Aghadoe 
When the price was on his head in Aghadoe 
O'er the mountain through the wood as I stole to him with food 
But the bullets found his heart in Aghadoe 

I walked from Mallow town to Aghadoe, Aghadoe 
I took his head from the jail gate to Aghadoe 
There I covered him with fern and I piled on him the cairn 
Like an Irish king he sleeps in Aghadoe 

In the merry month of June from my home I started
Left the girls of Tuam nearly broken-hearted
Saluted Father dear, kissed my darlin' Mother
Drank a pint of beer my grief and tears to smother
Then off to reap the corn, and leave where I was born
I cut a stout blackthorn to banish ghost and goblin,
brand new pair of brogues I rattled o'er the bogs
And frightened all the dogs on the rocky road to Dublin,

One, two, three, four five, hunt the hare and turn her
Down the rocky roaad, and all the ways to Dublin
Whack fol-lol-de-ra.

In Mullingar that night I rested limbs so weary,
Started by daylight next morning light and airy,
Took a drop of the pure, to keep my heart from sinking,
That's the Paddy's cure, whene'er he's on for drinking,
To see the lassies smile, laughing all the while,
At my curious style, would set your heart a-bubbling,
They asked if I was hired, the wages I required,
Till I was almost tired of the rocky road to Dublin.

One, two, three, four five, hunt the hare and turn her
Down the rocky roaad, and all the ways to Dublin
Whack fol-lol-de-ra.

In Dublin next arrived, I thought it such a pity,
To be so soon deprived a view of that fine city,
Then I took a stroll out among the quality,
My bundle it was stole in a nice locality;
Something crossed my mind, then I looked behind,
No bundle could I find upon me stick a-wobblin',
Enquiring for the rogue, they said my Connaught brogue
Wasn't much in vogue on the rocky road to Dublin.

One, two, three, four five, hunt the hare and turn her
Down the rocky roaad, and all the ways to Dublin
Whack fol-lol-de-ra.

From there I got away my spirits never failing,
Landed on the quay as the ship was sailing,
Captain at me roared, said that no room had he,
When I jumped aboard, a cabin found for Paddy
Down among the pigs, I played some funny rigs
Danced some hearty jigs, all around the water bubblin'
When off to Holyhead I wished that I was dead,
Or better far, instead, on the rocky road to Dublin.

One, two, three, four five, hunt the hare and turn her
Down the rocky roaad, and all the ways to Dublin
Whack fol-lol-de-ra.

The boys of Liverpool, when we safely landed,
Called myself a fool, I could no longer stand it;
Blood began to boil, temper I was losin'
Poor old Erin's Isle they were all abusin'
"Hurrah my soul!" says I, shillelagh I let fly,
Some Galway boys were by, saw I was a hobblin'
Then with a loud Hurray, they joined in the affray,
We quickly cleared the way, on the rocky road to Dublin.

One, two, three, four five, hunt the hare and turn her
Down the rocky roaad, and all the ways to Dublin
Whack fol-lol-de-ra.

‘Twas on Good Friday morning, all in the month of May
A German Ship was signalling, beyond out in the bay
We had twenty thousand rifles all ready for to land
But no answering signal did come from the lonely Banna Strand

“No signal answers from the shore” Sir Roger sadly said
“No comrades here to meet me, alas, they must be dead
But I must do my duty and at once I mean to land”
So in a small boat rowed ashore on the lovely Banna Strand

Now the R.I.C. were hunting for Sir Roger high and low,
They found him in McKenna’s fort; said they “You are our foe”
Said he: “I’m Roger Casement, I came to my native land
I mean to free my countrymen on the lonely Banna Strand”

They took Sir Roger prisoner and sailed for London town
And in the Tower they laid him, a traitor to the Crown
Said he “I am no traitor” but his trial he had to stand
For bringing German rifles to the lonely Banna Strand

‘Twas in an English prison that they led him to his death
“I’m dying for my country” he said with his last breath
They buried him in British soil far from his native land
And the wild waves sing his requiem on the lonely Banna Strand

They took Sir Roger home again In the year of ’65
And with his comrades of ’16, in peace and tranquil lies
His last fond wish, it is fulfilled for to lie in his native land
And the waves will roll in peace again on the lonely Banna Strand

Oh the summertime is coming and the trees are sweetly blooming
And the wild mountain thyme grows around the blooming heather

Will ye go lassie go, and we'll all go together
To pluck wild mountain thyme all around the blooming heather
Will ye go lassie go

I will build my love a tower near yon pure crystal fountain
And on it I will build all the flowers of the mountain

Will ye go lassie go, and we'll all go together
To pluck wild mountain thyme all around the blooming heather
Will ye go lassie go

If my true love she were gone I would surely find another
Where wild mountain thyme grows around the blooming heather

Will ye go lassie go, and we'll all go together
To pluck wild mountain thyme all around the blooming heather
Will ye go lassie go

Oh the summertime is coming and the trees are sweetly blooming
And the wild mountain thyme grows around the blooming heather

Will ye go lassie go, and we'll all go together
To pluck wild mountain thyme all around the blooming heather
Will ye go lassie go

Give Ireland back to the Irish
Don't make them have to take it away
Give Ireland back to the Irish
Make Ireland Irish today

Great Britain, you are tremendous
And nobody knows like me
But really, what are you doin'
In the land across the sea?

Tell me, how would you like it
If on your way to work
You were stopped by Irish soldiers?
Would you lie down, do nothing
Would you give in or go berserk?

Give Ireland back to the Irish
Don't make them have to take it away
Give Ireland back to the Irish
Make Ireland Irish today

Great Britain and all the people
Say that all people must be free
And meanwhile back in Ireland
There's a man who looks like me

And he dreams of god and country
And he's feeling really bad
And he's sitting in a prison
Say, should he lie down, do nothing
Should give in or go mad?

Give Ireland back to the Irish
Don't make them have to take it away
Give Ireland back to the Irish
Make Ireland Irish today

Give Ireland back to the Irish
Don't make them have to take it away
Give Ireland back to the Irish
Make Ireland Irish today (yeah, yeah)

Alone all alone by the wave-washed strand
And alone in a crowded hall
The hall it is gay and the waves they are grand
But but my heart is not here at all
It lies far away by night and by day
To the times and the joys that are gone
But I never will forget the sweet maiden I met
In the valley near Slievenamon

Oh it was not the grace of her queenly air
Nor her cheeks of roses glow
Nor her soft black eyes nor her flowing hair
Nor was it her lily white brow
'Twas the soul of truth and of melting ruth
And the smile like a summer's dawn
that stole my heart away one soft summer's day
In the valley near Slievenamon.

In the festive hall by the star watched shore Oh ever my restless spirit cries
My love oh my love will 1 ne'er see you more
And my land will you never up-rise
By night and by day 1 ever ever pray
While lonely my life flows on
To see our flag unrolled
And my true love to enfold
In the valley near Slievenamon.

Time goes by as years roll onwards,
Still in memory fresh I keep,
Of a night in Brlfast prison,
Unashamed I saw men weep.

As the time was fast approaching,
A lad lay sentenced for to die,
On the second of september,
He goes to meet his God on high.

Now he's marching to the scaffold,
Head erect he shows no fear,
And while standing on that scaffold,
Ireland's cross he holds so dear.

Now the cruel blow has fallen,
For Ireland he has given all,
Who in the flower of manhood,
Proudly answered to the call.

Brave Tom Williams we salute you,
And we never shall forget,
Thoes who planned your brutal murder,
We vow we'll make them all regret.

So I say to Irish solders,
If from Tom's path you chance to stray,
Just keep memory of that morn,
When Ireland's cross was proudly borne,
By a lad who lies within this prison grave.

Sure I've roamed this wide world over
But of all the lands I've seen
There's no spot I'd rather dwell in
Than my little isle of Green

Only last night I was dreamin'
Of a sight that thrilled me through
But what I saw I'll see no more
'twas too good to be true

Sure the shamrocks were growing on Broadway
Every girl was an Irish colleen
The town of New York was the county of Cork
All the buildings were painted green

Sure the Hudson looked just like the Shannon
Oh, how good and how real it did seem
I could hear me mother singin', sweet Shannon bells ringin'
'twas only an Irishman's dream

Far across the sea,
When the Devil got ahold of me,
He wouldn't set me free,
He kept me soul for ransom.
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na...

I'm a sailor man from Glasgow Town,
I've roamed the world around and 'round,
He's the meanest thing that I have found,
In all my days of wandering.
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na...

I could see his evil eyes,
Then he took me by surprise
'Take me to your Paradise, I
want to see the jungle!'
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na...

Chorus: Here we go again,
we're on the road again,
We're on the road again,
we're on the way to paradise.
We love the jungle deep,
that's where the Lion sleeps,
For then those evil eyes t
hey have no place in paradise.
I see graffiti on the wall,
just as the sun was going down,
I see graffiti on the wall,

'Up the Celts, Up the Celts.'
Graffiti on the wall it says,
'We're Magic, We're Magic,'
Graffiti on the wall I see Graffiti on the Wall

And it says, 'Oh, ah, Up the 'RA, Oh, ah, Up the 'RA'
We went through each jungle deep,
For the paradise that he did seek,
T'was no trip for the weak,
We're waltzing with the natives.
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na...

From the Amazon to Borneo,
From Africa to Tokyo,
To the darkest jungles of the world,
But nowhere could I lose him.
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na...
Around in circles everyway,
He turned to me and he did say,
'I think you're leading me astray,
I want your soul me boy-o!'
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na...

When first I saw the love-light in your eyes
I dreamed the world held not but joy for me
And even though we drifted far apart
I never dream but what I dream of thee

I love you as I never loved before
Since first I met you on the village green
Come to me or my dream of love is or
I love you as I loved you, when you were sweet
When you were sweet sixteen

I love you as I never loved before
Since first I met you on the village green
Come to me or my dream of love is or ...
I love you as I loved you, when you were sweet
When you were sweet sixteen

We'll raise our voices in Ireland's praise
Glad are our hearts to-day,
For Ireland's sons have proved their worth
In the good old I.R.A.
All parts fought well for Roisin Dubh
But we a record made.
In good old Cork, in famed West Cork,
The Third West Cork Brigade.
 
At Newcestown we struck a blow
For Ireland and Sinn Fein.
At Ballinhassig next we proved
Our rights we would maintain.
The English foe we twice laid low,
We faced them undismayed.
In good old Cork, in famed West Cork,
The Third West Cork Brigade.
 
The Black and Tans to Ireland came
To send us to our doom.
Their doughtiest warriors sallied forth
In lorries from Macrom.
But at Kilmichael's bloody fight
Their conquering course was stayed
By good old Cork, by famed West Cork,
The Third West Cork Brigade.
 
Then at Crosbarry's battlefield
Our gallant boys saw red.
For ten to one the Saxon host
Before our onslaught fled.
And o'er the hills we made our way
While our gallant piper played
In good old Cork, in famed west Cork
The third west Cork brigade
 
Our boys fought well in every fight
we need not call a name
But Commandants Hales and Barry
Are now well known to fame
Napoleon like they led us on
with courage we obeyed
In good old Cork, in famed West Cork
The Third West Cork Brigade.
 
But in our triumphs we shan't forget
Our comrades brave who fell
Some sleep today in nameless graves
But soon their deeds will tell
In grateful Ireland brave and free
We'll have their names displayed
In good old Cork, in famed West Cork
The Third West Cork Brigade

Here's up the rebels, get back our teddy's head
Her face and tail are all her own
But her brains are foreign led
On the outskirts of Europe in Atlantic so dear
There's a country called old Ireland
That looks like a teddy bear
It's an island that splits in two
With the border in her head
Her face and tail are all her own
But her brains are foreign led

Her face is o'er in Donegal
Her brains are in Belfast
Her arms outstretched in Galway
For her friends that do go past
Her hair is on the north coast
In Derry, Antrim, Down
I'm sure this head would be better off
Without the bloody crown

Her backbone's on the east coast
From Dublin to Dundalk
Her legs and feet in Kerry
They have shoes that never walked
Her backside's in Cork and Wexford
Her heart in Midlands
We're facing towards America
With our arse to England

So listen proud Britannia
To what I say to you
Would you like if your head was owned
By someone quite untrue
And they planted foreign fleas
To mix in with your breed
Before another year has passed
You'd never know your creed

On the outskirts of Europe in Atlantic so dear
There's a country called old Ireland
That looks like a teddy bear
It's an island that splits in two
With the border in her head
Her face and tail are all her own
But her brains are foreign led

‘Twas a cold December day
A lorry ploughed its way
‘Midst bullets splash and play
On Ashtown Road

In that car a living tool
Of England’s hated rule
There was begun a duel
On Ashtown Road

Young Savage, unafraid
With gun and hand grenade
Attacked them undismayed
On Ashtown Road

But a bullet laid him low
From a rifle of the foe
That’s another debt we owe
For Ashtown Road

But another day shall dawn
Like that cold December morn
When a martyr’s name was born
On Ashtown Road.

We laid him in a grave
Where the willows sadly wave
Oh! son of Erin brave
Farewell to thee

In Dublin city in 1913
The boss was boss and the poor were slaves,
The women working and the children hungry,
Then on came Larkin like a might wave.
The workmen cringed when the bossman thundered
And just ten hours was his weekly chore
He asked for little and less was granted
Thus getting little he would ask for more.

Then God sent Larkin, so dark and handsome,
A might man with a mighty tongue,
The voice of justice, the voice of labor,
And he was gifted and he was young.

And God sent Larkin, in 1913,
A mighty man with a mighty tongue,
He raised the workers, he gave them courage;
He was their leader, a worker's son.

 In the month of August the bossman told us
No union man for him could work.
We stood for Larkin, we told the bossman,
We'd fight or die but we would not shirk.

Eight months we fought and eight months we starved
We stood by Larkin through thick and thin.
But foodless homes and the crying of children,
They broke our hearts and we could not win.

Then Larkin left us, we seemed defeated,
The night was dark for the working man.
Along came Connolly with hope and counsel
His motto was that we'd rise again.
In Dublin city, in 1916,
The English soldiers, they burned the town.
They shelled the buildings, they shot our leaders.
Their heart was buried beneath the Crown.

They shot MacDermott and Pearse and Plunkett,
They shot MacDonagh and Clarke the brave
From bleak Kilmainham they took their bodies
To Arbour Hill and a quick lime grave.

And last of all our seven heroes
I'll sing the praise of James Connolly.
The voice of justice, the voice of freedom,
Who gave his life that men might be free.

Well there is a page in history when the workers they fought back
When the might of exploitation at last began to crack
In farm and field and factory, in workshop, mine and rail
A flame is lit; a beacon bright; that flame is burning still

And Connolly was there, Connolly was there
Bold, brave and undaunted; James Connolly was there.

Now William Martin Murphy and his Dublin Millionaires
Tried bribary, corruption, hypocracy and prayers
To spite the Transport Union their scats they did enlist
But all their graft was shattered by a scarlet iron fist

And Connolly was there, Connolly was there
Bold, brave and undaunted; James Connolly was there.

When the bosses tried to sweat the lads way down on Glasgow's Clyde
A voice like roaring thunder soon shook them in their stride
In Liverpool and Belfast where worker lives in Hell
But Connolly rose and gave them hope, the truth to you I tell.

And Connolly was there, Connolly was there
Bold, brave and undaunted; James Connolly was there.

Oh Irishmen the day will come when workers one and all
will rise up from their bended knee and rally to the call
Throw out the bosses tyranny and shout from shore to shore
For a working man's Republic and freedom evermore.

My darling come to me, set you down easily
and rest awhile by the soft firelight...cold is the night
but warm is my heart with pride
having you by my side
you're still my guiding light After All These Years

Your soft assuring ways, the rock I lean on
saw me through my darkest days
when all hope had gone
you're still the only one, I'll ever hold near
and I love you, after all these years

Time from me passes on, and I'm growing old
a lifetime nearly gone, I cannot unfold...nights dark and cold
but warm is your hand in mine, feeble with ageless time
the light of love still shine After All These Years

Your soft assuring ways, the rock I lean on
saw me through my darkest days
when all hope had gone
you're still the only one, I'll ever hold near
and I love you, after all these years

Come all ye young rebels, and list while I sing,
For the love of one's country is a terrible thing.
It banishes fear with the speed of a flame,
And it makes us all part of the patriot game.

My name is O'Hanlon, and I've just turned sixteen.
My home is in Monaghan, and where I was weaned
I learned all my life cruel England's to blame,
So now I am part of the patriot game.

This Ireland of ours has too long been half free.
Six counties lie under John Bull's tyranny.
I've thrown out my Bible to drill and to train
To take up my part in the Patriot game.

It's nearly two years since I went away
With the local battalion of the bold IRA,
For I read of our heroes, and wanted the same
To play out my part in the patriot game.

And now as I lie here, my body all holes
I think of those traitors who bargained in souls
And I wish that my rifle had given the same
To those Quislings who sold out the patriot game.

The smell on Patrick's Bridge is wicked
How does Father Matthew stick it?
Here's up them all says the boys of Fairhill
Come boys, spend a day with our Harrier Club so gay:
The cry of the hounds it will make your heart thrill
And, when you hear Conan Doyle say:
"The Amoured Car has won today,"
Here's up 'em all say the boys of Fair Hill
First you go to Fahy's well for a drink of pure clean water
The finest spot on earth sure the angels do say
Where thousands came across the foam
Just to view the Blarney Stone
Which can be seen from the groves of Fair Hill
First you go to Quinlan's pub - that is where you join our club
Where around us in gallons the porter does flow
First they tap a half-a-tierce and drink a health to Dashwood's race;

That's the stuff to give 'em say the boys of Fair Hill
Come boys and spend a day with our Hurling Club so gay
The clash of the ash it will make your heart thrill;
The Rockies thought that they were stars, till they meet the Saint Finbarr's
Here's up 'em all say the boys of Fair Hill

Of all the stars that ever shone
Not one does twinkle like your pale blue eyes
Like golden corn at harvest time your hair
Sailing in my boat the wind
Gently blows and fills my sail
Your sweet-scented breath is everywhere

Daylight peeping through the curtain
Of the passing night time is your smile
And the sun in the sky is like your laugh
Come back to me my Nancy
Linger for just a little while
Since you left these shores I've known no peace nor joy

No matter where I wander I'm still haunted by your name
The portrait of your beauty stays the same
Standing by the ocean wondering where you've gone
If you'll return again
Where is the ring I gave to Nancy Spain

On the day in Spring when snows start to melt
And streams to flow
With the birds I'll sing this song
Then in the while I'll wander
Down by bluebell stream where wild flowers grow
And I'll hope that lovely Nancy will return

No matter where I wander I'm still haunted by your name
The portrait of your beauty stays the same
Standing by the ocean wondering where you've gone
If you'll return again
Where is the ring I gave to Nancy Spain

"And come tell me Sean O'Farrell, tell me why you hurry so"
"Hush, mbuachaill, hush and listen," and his cheeks were all aglow
"I bear orders from the captain, get you ready quick and soon
For the pikes must be together by the rising of the moon"

By the rising of the moon, by the rising of the moon
For the pikes must be together by the rising of the moon

"And come tell me Sean O'Farrell, where the gath'rin is to be"
"At the old spot by the river quite well known to you and me"
"One more word for signal token: whistle out the marchin' tune
With your pike upon your shoulder by the rising of the moon"

By the rising of the moon, by the rising of the moon
With your pike upon your shoulder by the rising of the moon

Out from many a mud wall cabin eyes were watching through the night
Many a manly heart was beating for the blessed warning light
Murmurs rang along the valleys to the banshee's lonely croon
And a thousand pikes were flashing by the rising of the moon

By the rising of the moon, by the rising of the moon
And a thousand pikes were flashing by the rising of the moon

All along that singing river that black mass of men was seen
High above their shining weapons flew their own beloved green
Death to every foe and traitor! Whistle out the marching tune
And hurrah, me boys, for freedom, 'tis the rising of the moon

Tis the rising of the moon, 'tis the rising of the moon
And hurrah, me boys, for freedom, 'tis the rising of the moon

Well they fought for poor old Ireland and full bitter was their fate
(Oh what glorious pride and sorrow fills the name of 98)
Yet thank god their hearts are still beating still in manhood's burning noon
Who would follow in their footsteps at the rising of the moon

At the rising of the moon, at the rising of the moon
Who would follow in their footsteps by the rising of the moon
By the rising of the moon, by the rising of the moon
And hurrah me boys, for freedom, 'tis the rising of the moon...

Who are they to decide what we should hear?
Who are they to decide what we should see?
What do they think we can't comprehend here?
What do they fear that our reaction might be, might be?

Section 31 on the TV
Section 31 on the radio
Section 31 is like a blindfold
Section 31 makes me feel cold, feel cold

The pounding of the footsteps in the early morning light
Another family waking to an awful deadly fright
There's a body on the pavement with a bullet to the jaw
A thirteen-year-old victim of plastic bullet law

The silence in my ears, the darkness in my eyes
Heightens the fear, deafens the cries
Of another brother taken in another act of hate
A family preparing for another dreadful wait

Section 31 on the TV
Section 31 on the radio
Section 31 is like a blindfold
Section 31 makes me feel cold, feel cold

The Minstrel Boy to the war has gone
in the ranks of death you will find him
his father's sword he has girded on
and his wild harp slung behind him
"The land of song," said the warrior bard,
"tho all the world betray thee
one sword at least thy ranks shall guard
one faithful harp shall praise thee"

The minstrel fell but the foreman's chain
could not bring his proud sould under
the harp he loved never spoke again
for he tore it's chords asunder
He said, "No chains shall sully thee.
The sould of love and bravery
Thy songs were made for the pure and free
They shall never sound in slavery!"

I was born and I'll die
With a rebel heart
No, won't apologize for the way that I shine, I'm a work of art
Now I wanna find that

Deep, dark kind of love
That "frick your mind up" kind of love
Bring your heartbeat next to me even when we're enemies
We got that crazy chemistry, you know

You'll only find us followin' our dreams
Rules are only for the dead, asleep
We light up in the dark, we fight for who we are
We got those rebel hearts
We fall like shooting stars, when we love, we go hard
We got those rebel hearts

I was broke, I was down, I was such a mess
But a perfect nightmare
When I woke to the sound of my beating chest
Now I need to find that

Deep, dark kind of love
That "frick your mind up" kind of love
Bring your heartbeat next to me even when we're enemies
We got that crazy chemistry, you know

You'll only find us followin' our dreams
Rules are only for the dead, asleep
We light up in the dark, we fight for who we are
We got those rebel hearts
We fall like shooting stars, when we love, we go hard
We got those rebel hearts

Howlin' like a wolf, I hear you call my name
Let's run away, let's run away
There's gypsy in our blood and we ain't gonna stay
We'll run away, we'll run away

You'll only find us followin' our dreams
Rules are only for the dead, asleep
We light up in the dark, we fight for who we are
We got those rebel hearts
We fall like shooting stars, when we love, we go hard
We got those rebel hearts

Oh, Paddy dear and did you hear
The news that's goin' round?
The shamrock is by law forbid
To grow on Irish ground
Saint Patrick's Day no more we'll keep
His colours can't be seen
For they're hanging men and women
For the Wearin' o' the Green

I met with Napper Tandy
And he took me by the hand
He said, "How's dear old Ireland
And how does she stand?"
"She's the most distressful country
That you have ever seen
For they're hanging men and women
For the Wearin' o' the Green"

For the Wearin' o' the Green
For the Wearin' o' the Green
They're hanging men and women
For the Wearin' o' the Green

Then since the colour we must wear
Is England's cruel red
Sure Irelands sons will ne'er forget
The blood that they have shed
You may take the shamrock from your hat
And cast it on the sod
But 'twill take root and flourish there
Though underfoot 'tis trod

My father loved his country
And sleeps within its breast
While I that would have died for her
Must never so be blessed
Those tears my mother shed for me
How bitter they've had been
If I had proved a traitor to
The Wearin' o' the Green

For the Wearin' o' the Green
For the Wearin' o' the Green
They're hanging men and women
For the Wearin' o' the Green

But if at last our colours
Should be torn from Irelands heart
Her sons with shame and sorrow
From the dear old isle will part
I've heard a whisper of a land
That lies beyond the sea
Where rich and poor stand equal
In the light of Freedom's day

Oh Ireland must we leave you
Driven by a tyrants hand
And seek a Mother's blessing
From a strange and distant land
Where the cruel cross of England
Shall never more be seen
And in that land we'll live and die
Still wearing Ireland's green

For the Wearin' o' the Green
For the Wearin' o' the Green
They're hanging men and women
For the Wearin' o' the Green

For the Wearin' o' the Green
For the Wearin' o' the Green
They're hanging men and women
For the Wearin' o' the Green

In Ireland's fight for freedom, boys,
The North has played her part,
And though her day has yet to come,
We never yet must part,
We'll keep the fight until the end,
We know we cannot fail.

And there's the reason why today,
They keep our lads in Crumlin Jail,
So join the fight, you volunteers,
It cannot be denied.
That jail won't break their spirits down
They'd just as soon have died.
For England knows and England hates,
Our fearless Northern name.
And that's another reason why,
They keep our lads in Crumlin Jail.

We give to Ireland Owen Roe,
We give them Shane O'Neill,
And Tone and Mitchell made a vow,
That England still would yield,
McKelvey did not die in vain,
He was a Northern Gael.

McCracken came from Belfast town,
McCorry from the Bann,
And brave Harry Munro at Ballynahinch,
But, for his native land,
Tom Williams died on scaffold high,
His name shall never fail.

I was eighteen years old when I went down to Dublin
with a fist full of money and a carload of dreams
"Take your time" said me father, "stop rushin' like Hell,
and remember the world's not what it seems to be"
"For there are fellows that will cut you for the coat on your back,
or the watch that you've got from your mother"
"So take care me young bucko and mind yourself well,
would you give this wee note to my brother?"
At the time Uncle Benjy was a policeman in Brooklyn
my father the youngest looked after the farm
then a phone call from Amerikay said, "Send the lad over!"
the old fellow said, "Sure it wouldn't do any harm."
"For I spent my life working this dirty old ground
for a few pints of porter and the smell of a pound.
Sure then maybe there's somethin' you'll learn or you'll see
you can bring it on home to make it easy on me."

So I landed at Kennedy and a big Yellow Taxi
took me and my bags through the streets and the rain
My poor heart was thumpin' around with excitement
I hardly even heard wat the driver was sayin'
we came in the Shore Parkway through the Flatlands of Brooklyn
to my uncle's apartment on East Fifty Third
I was feeling so happy I was hummin' a song
and I sang "You're as Free as a Bird"
But the short of the story what I found out that day
was that Benjy was shot down in an uptown farray
and while I was flyin' my way to New York
poor Benjy was lyin' in a cold City morgue
I phoned up the old fellow and I told him the news
I could tell he could hardly stand up in his shoes
and I wept when he told me, "Go ahead with the plan,
and not to forget, be a proud Irish man."

So I went up to Nelly's beside Fordam Road
and I started to learn about liftin' a load
but the heaviest thing that I carried that year
were the bittersweet thoughts of my hometown so dear
I went back that December 'cause the old fellow died
had to borrow the money from Phil on the side
and all the bright flowers and brass couldn't hide
the poor wasted face of my father
I sold off the old farmyard for what it was worth
and into my bag stuck a handful of earth
then I boarded a train and I caught me a plane
and I found myself back in the US again
its been twenty two years since I set foor in Dublin
my kids know to use the correct knife and fork
still I'll never forget her green grass and her rivers
as I keep law and order in the streets of New York

In Mountjoy jail one Monday morning
High upon the gallows tree
Kevin Barry gave his young life
For the cause of liberty
But a lad of eighteen summers
Yet no one can deny
As he walked to death that morning
He proudly held his head on high

Just before he faced the hangman
In his dreary prison cell
British soldiers tortured Barry
Just because he would not tell
The names of his brave companions
And other things they wished to know
"Turn informer or we'll kill you"
Kevin Barry answered, "no"

Calmly standing to attention
While he bade his last farewell
To his broken hearted mother
Whose grief no one can tell
For the cause he proudly cherished
This sad parting had to be
Then to death walked softly smiling
That old Ireland might be free

Another martyr for old Ireland
Another murder for the crown
Whose brutal laws may kill the Irish
But can't keep their spirit down
Lads like Barry are no cowards
From the foe they will not fly
Lads like Barry will free Ireland
For her cause they'll live and die

In Dublin town in nineteen sixteen a flame of freedom did arise
A group of men with determination caught an empire by surprise
Through the streets our men were marching
They rallied with their hopes and fears
And the Enda boys came searching for their leader Padraig Pearse

The poet and the Irish rebel a Gaelic scholar and a visionary
We gave to him no fitting tribute
When Ireland's at peace only that can be
When Ireland a nation, united and free

On Easter morn he faced the nation from the steps of the G. P. O
And read aloud the proclamation, the seed of nationhood to sow
But soon the word had spread to London of an insurrection there at hand
And the deeds of Padraic Pearse was set about to free his land

The poet and the Irish rebel a Gaelic scholar and a visionary
We gave to him no fitting tribute
When Ireland's at peace only that can be
When Ireland a nation, united and free

The poet and the Irish rebel a Gaelic scholar and a visionary
We gave to him no fitting tribute
When Ireland's at peace only that can be
When Ireland a nation, united and free

On Easter morn he faced the nation from the steps of the G. P. O
And read aloud the proclamation, the seed of nationhood to sow
But soon the word had spread to London of an insurrection there at hand
And the deeds of Padraic Pearse was set about to free his land

For five long days the battle rages, for five long nights the battle wore
We will watch as Dublin City blazes and see our men fall through the floor
No Ireland's proud of her effort for her cause we fought with pride
But to save more life and to save our city, we make our peace with Mcfainis cried

The poet and the Irish rebel a Gaelic scholar and a visionary
We gave to him no fitting tribute
When Ireland's at peace only that can be
When Ireland a nation, united and free

Kilmainham Jail in 1916, they brought young Pearse
To his death cell and they tried him as a traitor to shoot this man who dared to rebel
He only tried to free his country of the shackles of 800 years
When dawn did break on that May morning they shot our Leader Padraic Pearse
Chorus

Read the roll of honour for Ireland's bravest men
We must be united in memory of the ten
England you're a monster, don't think that you have won
We will never be defeated while Ireland has such sons

In those dreary H-Block cages
Ten brave young Irishmen lay
Hungering for justice, while their young lives ebbed away
For their rights as Irish soldiers, and to free their native land
They stood beside their leader, the gallant Bobby Sands
Now they mourn Hughes in Bellaghy
Ray McCreesh in Armagh's hills
In those narrow streets of Derry, they miss O'Hara still
They so proudly gave their young lives
To break Britannia's hold
Their names shall be remembered as history unfolds

So read the roll of honour for Ireland's bravest men
We must be united in memory of the ten
England you're a monster, don't think that you have won
We will never be defeated while Ireland has such sons

Through the war torn streets of Ulster
The black flags did sadly wave
To salute ten Irish martyrs, the bravest of the brave
Joe McDonnell, Martin Hurson, Kevin Lynch, Kieran Doherty
They gave their lives for freedom, with Thomas McElwee
Michael Devine from Derry, you were the last to die
With your nine brave companions
With the martyred dead you lie
Your souls cry out remember, our deaths were not in vain
Fight on and make our homeland a nation once again

So read the roll of honour for Ireland's bravest men
We must be united in memory of the ten
England you're a monster, don't think that you have won
We will never be defeated while Ireland has such sons
No we'll never be defeated while Ireland has such sons

I was born on a Dublin street where the royal drums did beat
And the loving English feet they went all over us
And every single night when me dad would came home tight
He'd invite the neighbors out with this chorus

Come out ye Black and Tans, come out and fight me like a man
Show your wife how you won medals down in Flanders
Tell them how the IRA made you run like hell away
From the green and lovely lanes of Killashandra

Come tell us how you slew them poor Arabs two by two
Like the Zulus they had spears and bows and arrows
How you bravely you faced one with your 16-pounder gun
And you frightened them natives to their marrow

Come out ye Black and Tans, come out and fight me like a man
Show your wife how you won medals down in Flanders
Tell them how the IRA made you run like hell away
From the green and lovely lanes of Killashandra

Come let us hear you tell how you slandered great Parnell
When you thought him well and truly persecuted
Where are the sneers and jeers that you bravely let us hear
When our heroes of '16 were executed?

Come out ye Black and Tans, come out and fight me like a man
Show your wife how you won medals down in Flanders
Tell them how the IRA made you run like hell away
From the green and lovely lanes of Killashandra

Come out ye Black and Tans, come out and fight me like a man
Show your wife how you won medals down in Flanders
Tell them how the IRA made you run like hell away
From the green and lovely lanes of Killashandra

The good ship granma lies at anchor in the harbour
Waiting for the evening tide
To rise and bring high water
Bound for Cuba she must go
Across the Gulf of Mexico
And The Caribbean Ocean
She's carrying a human cargo 83 good compañeros
Each one burning with determination to be free

Against Batista, The Fidelistas
Courage was their armour
As they fought at Fidel's side
With Che Guevara

Five days out from Mexico these compañeros
Landed on the Cuban beach Los Colarados
Fidel said this year will see
Our country and our people free
Or else we will be martyrs
We've only guns enough for twenty
The enemy has arms a plenty
Meet him and defeat him and he'll keep us well supplied

Against Batista, The Fidelistas
Courage was their armour
As they fought at Fidel's side
With Che Guevara

Five weeks later in the Canyon De La Rio
Fidels army was reduced to 18 compañeros
Hungry, weak and unafraid
Learning revolutions trade
In the high Sierra Maestre
Where the mountain winds did blow
Bearing seeds to sprout and sow
New crops in Cuban soil that marked the death of slavery

Compañeros, tu valaderos
Courage was their armour
As they fought at Fidel's side
With Che Guevara

They made their way across the peak of El Torquino
Joined by bands of volunteers and the men from Santiago
They faced Batista's tanks and trains
Drove them back across the plains
From the high Sierra Maestre
They drove the gangsters from Los Vios
Straight across the Cordileros
Santa Barbra fell to Che Guevara and was free

Compañeros, tu valaderos
Courage was their armour
As they fought at Fidel's side
With Che Guevara

The fire lit on that Cuban beach by Fidel Castro
Still shines all the way to Terra del Fuego
Sparks are blown upon the breeze
People rise from off their knees
When they see the night is burning
It blazes up in Venezuela, Bolivia and Guatemala
Lights the road that we must go in order to be free

Compañeros, Americanos
Courage was their armour
As they fought at Fidel's side
With Che Guevara
Courage was their armour
As they fought at Fidel's side
With Che Guevara

One summer evening drunk to hell 
I sat there nearly lifeless 
An old man in the corner sang 
Where the water lilies grow 
And on the jukebox Johnny sang 
About a thing called love 
And it's how are you kid and what's your name 
And how would you bloody know 

In blood and death 'neath a screaming sky 
I lay down on the ground 
And the arms and legs of other men 
Were scattered all around 
Some cursed, some prayed, some prayed then cursed 
Then prayed then bled some more 

And the only thing that I could see 
Was a pair of brown eyes that was looking at me 
But when we got back, labelled parts one to three 
There was no pair of brown eyes waiting for me 

And a rovin' a rovin' a rovin' I'll go 
For a pair of brown eyes 

I looked at him he looked at me 
All I could do was hate him 
While Ray and Philomena sang 
Of my elusive dreams 
I saw the streams, the rolling hills 
Where his brown eyes were waiting 
And I thought about a pair of brown eyes 
That waited once for me 

So drunk to hell I left the place 
Sometimes crawling sometimes walking 
A hungry sound came across the breeze 
So I gave the walls a talking 
And I heard the sounds of long ago 
From the old canal 
And the birds were whistling in the trees 
Where the wind was gently laughing 

So a rovin' a rovin' a rovin' I'll go 
For a pair of brown eyes 
For a pair of brown eyes

In a bar room near the border,
Down a staircase dark and dim,
Gathered soldiers from the front line,
There to rest and settle in,
They had travelled over the mountains
Through the mashes, in the mud,
Weak and weary of their battles,
Stretching days without their grub.

Men of gallant defiance bearing
Witness to their dead,
Men of vengeful resistence
Wearing rifles full of lead,
How to use them no man questioned,
For their tally was unique,
But amongst them an informer,
Slipped unnoticed to the street.

To the barracks full of soldiers,
Fast he ran without delay,
Where he told them of his comrades,
They were helpless now to slay,
Thirty pieces was his making
As that Judas broke his oath,
And what happened shortly after
That etched a mark upon his soul.

Now the Brits they stalked our hideout,
All of fifteen hundred guns,
On a hillside way above them
Lay a squad of IrelandÂ´s sons,
Have no mercy was the order
As we slaughtered SatanÂ´s men,
And we chased the few remaining
To the bottom of the glen.

Now Gilmour was drinking,
Having laughs with all the girls,
He was promising them jewellery,
As grand as all the earls,
Lying drunk along the table,
They stole the silver from his coat,
Knowing Gilmour sold his comrades,
They upped a knife and slit his throat.

Men of gallant defiance bearing
Witness to their dead,
Men of vengeful resistence
Wearing rifles full of lead,
How to use them no man questioned,
For their tally was unique,
And that night a dead informer,
Slipped unnoticed to the street.

There were people of all ages gathered 'round the gable wall
poor and humble men and women, little children that you called
we are gathered here before you, and our hearts are just the same
filled with joy at such a vision, as we praise Your Name
Golden Rose, Queen of Ireland, all my cares and troubles cease
as we kneel with love before you, Lady of Knock, my Queen of Peace

Though your message was unspoken, still the truth in silence lies
as we gaze upon your vision, and the truth I try to find
here I stand with John the teacher, and with Joseph at your side
and I see the Lamb of God, on the Altar glorified
Golden Rose, Queen of Ireland, all my cares and troubles cease
as we kneel with love before you, Lady of Knock, my Queen of Peace

And the Lamb will conquer and the woman clothed in the sun
will shine Her light on everyone
and the lamb will conquer and the woman clothed in the sun,
will shine Her light on everyone

When boyhood's fire was in my blood
I read of ancient freemen,
For Greece and Rome who bravely stood,
Three hundred men and three men;
And then I prayed I yet might see
Our fetters rent in twain,
And Ireland, long a province, be.
A Nation once again!

A Nation once again,
A Nation once again,
And lreland, long a province, be
A Nation once again!

And from that time, through wildest woe,
That hope has shone a far light,
Nor could love's brightest summer glow
Outshine that solemn starlight;
It seemed to watch above my head
In forum, field and fane,
Its angel voice sang round my bed,
A Nation once again!

It whisper'd too, that freedom's ark
And service high and holy,
Would be profaned by feelings dark
And passions vain or lowly;
For, Freedom comes from God's right hand,
And needs a Godly train;
And righteous men must make our land
A Nation once again!

So, as I grew from boy to man,
I bent me to that bidding
My spirit of each selfish plan
And cruel passion ridding;
For, thus I hoped some day to aid,
Oh, can such hope be vain?
When my dear country shall be made
A Nation once again!

The cold winds from the mountains are calling soft to me,
The smell of scented heather brings bitter memories:
A wild and lonely eagle up in the summer sky,
Flies high o'er Shanagolden, where my love Willie lies.

I met him in the winter time when snow was on the ground
The Irish hills were peaceful and love was all around.
Scarcely twenty years old, a young man in his prime.
We were married, darling Willie by the eve of Christmas time.

Do you remember Willie, we walked the moonlit road
I held you in my arms, love, I would never let you go.
Our hands they were entwined, my love, all in the pale moonlight,
By the fields of Shanagolden on a lonely winter's night.

Then came the call to arms, love, the heather was aflame.
Down from the silent mountains, the Saxon strangers came.
I held you in my arms then, my young heart wild with fear,
In the fields by Shanagolden, in the springtime of the year.

You fought them, darling Willie, all through the summer days.
I heard the rifles firing in the mountains far away
I held you in my arms then, your blood ran free and bright,
And you died in Shanagolden, on a lonely summer's night.

But that was long ago, love, now our son grows fine and tall;
The hills they are at peace again: the Saxon strangers gone.
There's roses growing on your grave, there's an eagle in the sky,
Flying high o'er Shanagolden, where my love Willie lies.

Let the grasses grow and the waters flow in a free and easy way
Just give me enough of the fine old stuff that's brewed near Galway Bay
Come gougers all from Donegal, Sligo and Leitrim too
We'll give them the slip and we'll take a sip of the rare old mountain dew
Skid-ree Idle-diddle dum skid-ree Idle-diddle dum
Skid-ree Idle-dum diddle dum day
Skid-ree Idle-diddle dum skid-ree Idle-diddle dum
Skid-ree Idle-dum diddle dum day
There's a neat little still at the foot of the hill, and smoke twirls up to the sky
For the smoke and the smell, its plan to tell that there's poteen brewing near by
It fills the air, with an odor rare, and betwixt both me and you
When home you stroll, you can take a bowl, or a bucket of the mountain dew
Skid-ree Idle-diddle dum skid-ree Idle-diddle dum
Skid-ree Idle-dum diddle dum day
Skid-ree Idle-diddle dum skid-ree Idle-diddle dum
Skid-ree Idle-dum diddle dum day
Now learned men who use the pen, have written their praises high
That sweet poteen from Ireland green, distilled from wheat and rye
Throw away your pills; it will cure all ills, of the pagan, the Christian or Jew
Take off your coat and grease your throat, with the real old mountain dew
Skid-ree Idle-diddle dum skid-ree Idle-diddle dum
Skid-ree Idle-dum diddle dum day
Skid-ree Idle-diddle dum skid-ree Idle-diddle dum
Skid-ree Idle-dum diddle dum day

They say that the lakes of Killarney are fair
No stream like the Liffey could ever compare
If it's water you want you'll find nothing more rare
Than the stuff they make down by the ocean

The sea, oh the sea is the gradh geal mo croide
Long may it stay between England and me
It's a sure guarantee that some hour we'll be free
Oh thank God we're surrounded by water

Tom Moore made his waters made fame and renown
A great lover of anything dressed in a crown
In brandy the bandy old Saxon he'd drown
But throw ne'er a one into the ocean

The sea, oh the sea is the gradh geal mo croide
Long may it stay between England and me
It's a sure guarantee that some hour we'll be free
Oh thank God we're surrounded by water

The Scots have their whisky, the Welsh have their speech
And their poets are paid about tenpence a week
Provided no hard words on England they speak
Oh Lord! What a price for devotion

The sea, oh the sea is the gradh geal mo croide
Long may it stay between England and me
It's a sure guarantee that some hour we'll be free
Oh thank God we're surrounded by water

The Danes came to Ireland with nothing to do
But dream of the plundered old Irish they slew
Yeh will in your Viking, said Brian Boru
And he threw them back into the ocean

The sea, oh the sea is the gradh geal mo croide
Long may it stay between England and me
It's a sure guarantee that some hour we'll be free
Oh thank God we're surrounded by water

Two foreign old monarchs in battle did join
Each wanting each head on the back of a coin
If the Irish had sense they'd drowned both in the Boyne
And partition throw into the ocean

The sea, oh the sea is the gradh geal mo croide
Long may it stay between England and me
It's a sure guarantee that some hour we'll be free
Oh thank God we're surrounded by water

Wee Willie John McFadden was a loyal Ulster Prod
Who thought that Ian Paisley was one step down from God
He scorned the little children, in the backstreets of Ardoyne
And he thought that history started with the Battle of the Boyne
And he thought that history started with the Battle of the Boyne

One day he took the brick in his hands and dandered up the Falls
He was singing "Up the Rangers" and hummin' Derry's Walls
He broke the big shop window to annoy the Pope of Rome
He took the record player and then he started home
He took the record player and then he started home

Next night they had a hooley at the local Orange Hall
Wee Willie took his player to make music for the boys
He chose a stack of records of a very loyal kind
But when the music started he nearly lost his mind
But when the music started he nearly lost his mind

This Fenian record player was a rebel to the core
It played out songs the Orange Hall had never heard before
For Golly's Brae and Derry's Walls it didn't give a fig
It speeded up God Save the Queen till it sounded like a jig
It speeded up God Save the Queen till it sounded like a jig

Well the boys were plain demented, to the ground Wee Will was thrown
They kicked his ribs in one by one to the tune of Garryowen
They threw him out the window to the song of Old Sinn Fein
They kicked him all down Sandy Row to a Nation Once Again
They kicked him all down Sandy Row to a Nation Once Again

There's a moral to this story, what it is I cannot say
Oh maybe its the ancient curse, crime it will not pay
If you ask Wee Willie McFadden, he'll say "You're kind, you know"
If you want to pinch a record player, do it up the Shankill Road
If you want to pinch a record player, do it up the Shankill Road

O me name is Joe McDonnell from
Belfast town I came
That city I will
Never see again
For in the town of Belfast
I spent many happy days
I love that town in oh so many ways
For it's there I spent my childhood and found
For me a wife
I then set out to make
For her a life
But all my young ambitions met with bitterness and hate
I soon found myself inside a prison gate

And you dare to call me a terrorist
While you looked down your gun
When I think of all the deeds that you had done
You had plundered many nations divided many lands
You had terrorised their peoples you ruled with an iron hand
And you brought this reign of terror to my land

Through those many months internment
In the Maidstone and the Maze
I thought about my land throughout those days
Why my country was divided, why I was now in jail
Imprisoned without crime or without trial
And though I love my country I am not a bitter man
I've seen cruelty and injustice at first hand
So then one fateful morning I shook bold freedom's hand
For right or wrong I'd try to free my land

And you dare to call me a terrorist
While you looked down your gun
When I think of all the deeds that you had done
You had plundered many nations divided many lands
You had terrorised their peoples you ruled with an iron hand
And you brought this reign of terror to my land

Then one cold October morning trapped in a lion's den
I found myself in prison once again
I was committed to the H-blocks for fourteen years or more
On the Blanket the conditions they were poor
Then a hunger strike we did commence for the dignity of man
But it seemed to me that no one gave a damn
But now, I'm a saddened man I've watched my comrades die
If only people cared or wondered why

And you dare to call me a terrorist
While you looked down your gun
When I think of all the deeds that you had done
You had plundered many nations divided many lands
You had terrorised their peoples you ruled with an iron hand
And you brought this reign of terror to my land

May God shine on you Bobby Sands
For the courage you have shown
May your glory and your fame be widely known
And Francis Hughes and Ray McCreesh who died unselfishly
And Patsy O Hara and the next in line is me
And those who lie behind me may you're courage be the same
And I pray to God my life is not in vain
Ah but sad and bitter was the year of 1981
For everything I've lost and nothing's won

For those who are in love
There's a song that's warm and tender.
For those who are oppressed
In song you can protest.
So liberate your minds
And give your soul expression.
Open up your hearts,
I'll sing for you this song.

Let the people sing their stories and their songs
And the music of their native land
Their lullabies and battlecries and songs of hope and joy
So join us hand in hand
All across this ancient land
Throughout the test of time
It was music that kept their spirits free
Those songs of yours and of mine

It was back in ancient times,
The bard would tell his stories
Of the heroes, of the villain,
Of the chieftains in the glen.
Through Elizabethian time
And Cromwellian war and fury
Put our pipers to the sword,
Killed our harpers and our bards.

Let the people sing their stories and their songs
And the music of their native land
Their lullabies and battlecries and songs of hope and joy
So join us hand in hand
All across this ancient land
Throughout the test of time
It was music that kept their spirits free
Those songs of yours and of mine

Ireland, land of song,
Your music lives forever
In its valleys, in its mountains,
In its hills and in its glens.
Our music did survive
Through famine and oppression.
To the generations gone,
I'll sing for you this song.

I just stepped in to see you all, I'll only stay a while
I want to see who you're gettin' on, I want to see your smile
I'm happy to be here again, I 've missed you one and all
there's no place in the world just like, the Homes of Donegal

I long to see your happy faces, smiling at your door
the kettle singin' on the crook, as I walk across your floor
and soon that teapot's fillin' up, my cup, it's far from small
your hearts are like your mountains in the Homes of Donegal

I long to spend a while with you, to bide away the night
with tales of yore and fairy lore beside your fireside bright
and then I see prepared for me, a shakedown by the wall
there's repose for weary wanderers in the Homes of Donegal

The time has come when I must go, I'll bid you all adieu
the open highway calls to me to do the things I do
and when I'm wandering far way I'll hear your voices call
and please God I'll soon return unto the Homes of Donegal

You may travel far far from your own native land
Far away o'er the mountains, far away o'er the foam
But of all the fine places that I've ever been
Sure there's none can compare with the cliffs of Doneen

Take a view o'er the mountains, fine sights you'll see there
You'll see the high rocky mountains o'er the west coast of Clare
Oh the town of Kilkee and Kilrush can be seen
From the high rocky slopes round the cliffs of Doneen

It's a nice place to be on a fine summer's day
Watching all the wild flowers that ne'er do decay
Oh the hares and lofty pheasants are plain to be seen
Making homes for their young round the cliffs of Doneen

Fare thee well to Doneen, fare thee well for a while
And to all the kind people I'm leaving behind
To the streams and the meadows where late I have been
And the high rocky slopes round the cliffs of Doneen

We soldiers of Erin so proud of the name,
Will raise upon rebels and Frenchmen our fame.
We'll fight to the last in th honest old cause
And guard our religion our freedom and laws.
We'll fight for our country, our King and his crew
And make all the traitors and Croppies lie down.
     Down, down, Croppies lie down.

The rebels so bold - when they've none to oppose -
To houses and hay-stacks are terrible foes;
They murder poor parsons, and also their wives,
But soldiers at once make them run for their lives
And wherever we march, thro' the country or town,
In ditches or cellars, the croppies lie down.

United in blood, to their country's disgrace,
They secretly shoot whom they dare not to face;
But when we can catch the sly rogues in the field,
A handful of soldiers make hundreds to yield,
And the cowards collect but to raise our renown,
For as soon as we fire the croppies lie down.

While they, in the war that unmanly they wage,
On woman herself turn their blood-thirsty rage,
We'll fly to protect the dear creatures from harms,
And shelter them safely when clasp'd in our arms;
On love in a soldier no maiden will frown,
But bless the dear boys that made croppies lie down.

Should France e'er attempt, or by fraud or by guile,
Her forces to land on our Emerald Isle
We'll show that they ne'er can make free soldiers slaves,
And only possess our green fields for their graves;
Our country's applauses our triumph will crown,
While low with the French, brother, croppies lie down.

When wars and when dangers again shall be o'er,
And peace with her blessings revisit our shore;
When arms we relinquish, no longer to roam,
With pride will our families welcome us home,
And drink, as in bumpers past troubles we drown,
A health to the lads who made croppies lie down.

See the fleet foot host of men
That speed with faces wan,
From farmstead and from fisher? s cot
Along the banks of Bann,
They come with vengeance in their eyes
Too late too late are they.
For young Roddy McCorley goes to die
On the bridge of Toome today.

Up narrow street he steps
Smiling, proud and young.
About the hemp rope on his neck
The golden ringlets clung
There was never a tear in his blue eye,
Both sad and bright are they,
For young Roddy McCorley goes to die
On the bridge of Toome today.

When he last stepped up that street,
His shinning pike in hand,
Behind him marched in grim array
A stalwart, earnest band.
For Antrim town, for Antrim town,
He led them to the fray,
And young Roddy McCorley goes to die
On the bridge of Toome today.

There was never a one of all your dead
More bravely fell in fray
Than he who marches to his fate
On the bridge of Toome today.
True to the last, true to the last,
He treads the upward way,
And young Roddy McCorley goes to die
On the bridge of Toome today.

Tim Finnegan lived on Walken Street
a gentle Irishman tho mighty odd
he'd a beautiful brogue so rich and sweat
and to rise in the world he carried a hod
but Tim had a sort of a tippling' way
with the love of the liquor Tim was born
and to help him on his way each day
he'd a drop of the crather every morn

Whack for the hurrra dance your partner
round the floor ye trotters shake
isn't it the truth I tell you
lots of fun at Finegan's wake

One day when Tim was rather full
his head felt heavy which made him shake
he fell off a ladder and broke his skull
and they carried him off a corpse to wake
they carried him off in a nice clean sheet
and laid him out upon the bed
with a gallon of porter by his feet
and a noggin' of whiskey by his head

Whack for the hurrra dance your partner
round the floor ye trotters shake
isn't it the truth I tell you
lots of fun at Finegan's wake

His friends assembled at the wake
and Mrs. Finegan call for lunch
first they brought out tay and cakes
and pipes and tobacco and whiskey punch
then Biddy O'Brien began to cry
"such a lovely corpse have you ever seen"
Oh Tim Avoreen why did you did?"
"OH shut your gob!", said Biddy McGee

Whack for the hurrra dance your partner
round the floor ye trotters shake
isn't it the truth I tell you
lots of fun at Finegan's wake

Then Peggy O'Connor took up the job
"Oh Biddy" she said, "You're wrong I'm sure!"
Biddy gave her a belt in the gob
and sent her sprawling opon on floor
Each side in a war soon did engage
was woman to woman and man to man
Shillelagh law was all the rage
and a row and a ruction soon began

Whack for the hurrra dance your partner
round the floor ye trotters shake
isn't it the truth I tell you
lots of fun at Finegan's wake

Then Mickey Maloney ducked his head
when a noggin' of whiskey flew at him
it missed and landed on the bed
and the whiskey splattered all over Tim
"Begad! He revives! See how he rises!"
Tim avoreen leaping from the bed
running all around like blazes
"Thunderin' blazes! You think I'm Dead?"

Whack for the hurrra dance your partner
round the floor ye trotters shake
isn't it the truth I tell you
lots of fun at Finegan's wake

They come from the forests and the factories too
And they all soon forget who they are.
The cares of the day are soon washed away
As they sit at a stool by the bar.
The girl with green eyes in the Rolling Stones shirt
Doesn't look like she works on the land.
The man at the end, is a very good friend
Of a man who sells cars second hand.

Down at the Red Rose Cafe in the Harbour
There by the port just outside Amsterdam.
Everyone shares in the songs and the laughter.
Everyone there is so happy to be there.

The salesmen relax with a few pints of beer
As they try not to talk about trade.
The poet won't write any verses tonight.
but he may sing a sweet serenade.
So pull up a chair and forget about life.
It's a good thing to do now and then
And if you like it here I have an idea
Tomorrow let's all meet again.

Down at the Red Rose Cafe in the Harbour
There by the port just outside Amsterdam.
Everyone shares in the songs and the laughter.
Everyone there is so happy to be there.

I'll tell a tale of gallant men,
Who in the hills around Crossmaglen,
Became a living legend in their day.
Their daring deeds in freedom's fight,
Shone like a beacon in the night,
Where Harvey and McVerry showed the way.

A song can't bring them back again,
Or heal the wounds or sooth the pain,
A song can only keep alive their names,
Of gallant women and of men,
Their lives consumed in freedom's flame,
And we owe that much to Moley and to Burns.

A pall of smoke goes o'er the land,
As cruel fate had played it's hand,
The two Brendan's would have chose no other way,
They died the way they'd want to go,
In action 'gainst the British foe,
They lived and died to serve the IRA.

A song can't bring them back again,
Or heal the wounds or sooth the pain,
A song can only keep alive their names,
Of gallant women and of men,
Their lives consumed in freedom's flame,
And we owe that much to Moley and to Burns.

In Crossmaglen and Dromintee,
We keep alive their memory,
In Silverbridge they speak their names with pride,
And from Dorsey down to Keady town,
Through generations we'll pass on,
Their exploits and the cause for which they died.

A song can't bring them back again,
Or heal the wounds or sooth the pain,
A song can only keep alive their names,
Of gallant women and of men,
Their lives consumed in freedom's flame,
And we owe that much to Moley and to Burns.

We're a special kind of people here,
We breed defiance never fear,
And we'll still be here when the tide against England turns,
Oh for in our hearts we know we're right,
And we never will give up the fight,
We owe that much to Moley and to Burns.

A song can't bring them back again,
Or heal the wounds or sooth the pain,
A song can only keep alive their names,
Of gallant women and of men,
Their lives consumed in freedom's flame,
And we owe that much to Moley and to Burns.

We salute you Brendan Moley and Brendan Burns.

The Garden of Eden has vanished, they say 
But I know the lie of it still; 
Just turn to the left at the bridge of Finea 
And stop when halfway to Cootehill. 
'Tis there I will find it, 
I know sure enough 
When fortune has come to me call, 
Oh the grass it is green around Ballyjamesduff 
And the blue sky is over it all. 
And tones that are tender and tones that are gruff 
Are whispering over the sea, 
"Come back, Paddy Reilly to Ballyjamesduff 
Come home, Paddy Reilly, to me". 

My mother once told me that when I was born 
The day that I first saw the light, 
I looked down the street on that very first morn 
And gave a great crow of delight. 
Now most newborn babies appear in a huff, 
And start with a sorrowful squall, 
But I knew I was born in Ballyjamesduff 
And that's why I smiled on them all. 
The baby's a man, now he's toil-worn and tough 
Still, whispers come over the sea, 
"Come back, Paddy Reilly to Ballyjamesduff 
Come home, Paddy Reilly, to me". 

The night that we danced by the light of the moon, 
Wid Phil to the fore wid his flute, 
When Phil threw his lip over "Come Again Soon", 
He's dance the foot out o' yer boot! 
The day that I took long Magee by the scruff 
For slanderin' Rosie Kilrain, 
Then, marchin' him straight out of Ballyjamesduff, 
Assisted him into a drain. 
Oh, sweet are the dreams, as the dudeen I puff, 
Of whisperings over the sea, 
"Come back, Paddy Reilly to Ballyjamesduff 
Come home, Paddy Reilly, to me". 

I've loved the young women of every land, 
That always came easy to me; 
Just barrin' the belles of the Black-a-moor brand 
And the chocolate shapes of Feegee. 
But that sort of love is a moonshiny stuff, 
And never will addle me brain, 
For the bells will be ringin' in Ballyjamesduff 
For me and me Rosie Kilrain! 
And through all their glamour, their gas and their guff 
A whisper comes over the sea, 
"Come back, Paddy Reilly to Ballyjamesduff 
Come home, Paddy Reilly, to me". 

I've struck oil at last! 
I've struck work, and I vow 
I've struck some remarkable clothes, 
I've struck a policeman for sayin' that now, 
I'd go back to my beautiful Rose. 
The belles they may blarney, 
the boys they may bluff 
But this I will always maintain, 
No place in the world like Ballyjamesduff 
No guril (sic) like Rosie Kilrain. 
I've paid for my passage, the sea may be rough 
But borne on each breeze there will be, 
"Come back, Paddy Reilly to Ballyjamesduff 
Come home, Paddy Reilly, to me".

One day down in Bangor,
I called on Miss Brown
She was up in her bath
so she couldn't come down,

Says I slip on something
and come down here quick
so she slipped on the soap
and was down in a tic.

On day at the market
I bought a wee hen,
I thought I would like a fresh egg
now and then,
But the very next morning
I got a great shock
Says the hen I can't lay
Sure I'm only a cock.

One day I was walking down the main street,
I met a wee lad with no shoes to his feet.
I took pity on him then and there
And went into a fruit shop and bought him a pear.

I once met a man with a hole in his head,
Sure they took out my brains for to mend them he said.
That's awkward says I but says he not at all
Sure I'm only a deputy up in the Dail (minister in Parliament)

I met an auld man at a funeral one day
His back it was stooped and his hair it was grey,
I'm close on a hundred he said with a groan.
Faith says I you are wasting your time to go home.
I drempt I did die and to heaven did go.

The place that I came from
they wanted to know
Says I I'm from Bangor,
Saint Peter did stare' Hurry up, step inside,
you're the first one from there

Come all you fine people wherever you be
I'll sing of a brave Belfast man
Who scorned the army's might , though they'd shoot him on sight
And they shot down Joe McCann, Joe McCann
They shot down Joe McCann.

He fought for the people of the markets where he worked.
In the defence of the rights of man
But the hired branch crew told the soldiers what to do
And they shot down Joe McCann , Joe McCann
They shot down Joe McCann.

In a Belfast bakery in the August of the year,
When internment was imposed throughout the land
Six volunteers from Belfast held six hundred troops at bay
And their leader was Joe McCann, Joe McCann,
The Leader was Joe McCann, Joe McCann.

He carried no gun so he started to run,
To escape them as many the time before
One bullet brought him down, as he lay on the ground.
They shot him ten times more, ten times more,
They shot him ten times more.
He fought for the rights of the people of this land
The Protestant and Catholic working man
He caused the bosses fear, for this they paid him dear
When they murdered brave Joe McCann, Joe McCann
They murdered brave Joe McCann.

We're on the one road, sharing the one load
We're on the road to God knows where
We're on the one road, it may be the wrong road
But we're together now who cares?
Northmen, Southmen, comrades all!
Dublin, Belfast, Cork or Donegal!
We're on the one road, swinging along, singin' a soldier's song!

Though we've had our troubles now and then
Now's the time to make them up again
Sure aren't we all Irish anyhow?
Now is the time to step together now

We're on the one road, sharing the one load
We're on the road to God knows where
We're on the one road, it may be the wrong road
But we're together now who cares?
Northmen, Southmen, comrades all!
Dublin, Belfast, Cork or Donegal!
We're on the one road, swinging along, singin' a soldier's song!

Tinker, tailor ­ every mother's son
Butcher, baker ­ shouldering his gun
Rich man, poor man ­ every man in line
All together, just like Auld Lang Syne!

We're on the one road, sharing the one load
We're on the road to God knows where
We're on the one road, it may be the wrong road
But we're together now who cares?
Northmen, Southmen, comrades all!
Dublin, Belfast, Cork or Donegal!
We're on the one road, swinging along, singin' a soldier's song!

Night is darkness just before the dawn
From dissensions, Ireland is reborn
Soon, will all United Irishmen
Make our land a Nation Once Again!

We're on the one road, sharing the one load
We're on the road to God knows where
We're on the one road, it may be the wrong road
But we're together now who cares?
Northmen, Southmen, comrades all!
Dublin, Belfast, Cork or Donegal!
We're on the one road, swinging along, singin' a soldier's song!

Wrap the green flag round me, boys,
To die were far more sweet,
with Erin's noble emblem boys,
To be my winding sheet.
In life l loved to see it wave,
And follow where it led,
But now my eyes grow dim - my hand
Would grasp its last bright shred.

Then wrap the green flag round me, boys,
To die were far sweet
With Erin's noble emblem boys,
To be my winding sheet.

And I had hoped to meet you, boys,
On many a well-fought field,
When to our sacred banner, boys,
The traitorous foe would yield,
But now, alas! I am denied
My dearest earthly prayer,
You'll follow and you'll meet the foe,
But l shall not be there.

But though my body moulders, boys,
My spirit will be free,
And every comrade's honour, boys,
Will yet be dear to me.
And in the thick and bloody fight
Let not your courage lag.
For I'll be there and hovering near
Around the dear old flag.

There's a dear little plant that grows in our isle
'Twas St Patrick himself sure that set it
And the sun on his labour with pleasure did smile
And with dew from his eye often wet it
It shines thro' the bog, the brake and the mire-land
And he called it the dear little shamrock of Ireland

The dear little shamrock, the sweet little shamrock
The dear little, sweet shamrock of Ireland

That dear little plant still grows in our land
Fresh and fair as the daughters of Erin
Whose smiles can bewitch and whose eyes can command
In each climate they ever appear in
For they shine through the bog, through the brake, through the mire-land
Just like their own dear little shamrock

The dear little shamrock, the sweet little shamrock
The dear little, sweet shamrock of Ireland

That dear little shamrock that srings from our soil
When its three little leaves are extended
Denotes from the stalk we together should toil
And ourselves by ourselves be befriended
And still through the bog, through the brake, through the mire-land
From one shoot should branch, like the shamrock of Ireland

The dear little shamrock, the sweet little shamrock
The dear little, sweet shamrock of Ireland

I am a true born Irish man
I'll never deny what I am
I was born in old Tipperary town
three thousand miles away

hooray my boys, hooray
no more do I wish for to roam
the sun it will shine in the harvest time
to welcome Paddy home

Now the girls they are young and they're frisky
they'll take you by the hand
sayin' Timmy Machree won't you come home with me
for to welcome a stranger home

Hooray my boys, hooray
no more do I wish for to roam
the sun it will shine in the harvest time
to welcome Paddy home

Then came the far away strangers
they settled all over the land
the horse and the plow, the colt and the sow
fell into the stranger's hands

Hooray my boys, hooray
no more do I wish for to roam
the sun it will shine in the harvest time
to welcome Paddy home

The scotsman can boast of the Thistle
The Englishman boast of the rose
by Paddy can boast of the Emerald Isle
where the dear little shamrocks grow

Hooray my boys, hooray
no more do I wish for to roam
the sun it will shine in the harvest time
to welcome Paddy home

The sun was sinking oer the westward
The fleet is leaving Dingle shore
I watch the men row in their curraghs
As they mark the fishing grounds near Scellig Mor
All through the night men toil until the daybreak
while at home their wives and sweethearts kneel and pray
That God might guard them and protect them
and bring them safely back to Dingle Bay

I see the green Isle of Valencia
I mind the days around Lough Lein
The gannets swinging with abandon
As they watch the silver store that comes their way
I also see a ship on the horizon
She is sailing to a country far away
on board are exiles feeling lonely
As they wave a fond farewell to Dingle Bay

Now years have passed as I came homeward
And time has left me old and grey
I sit and muse about my childhood
And the happy times I spent near Dingle Bay
I see again the green isle of Valencia
And the Isle of Inishmore seems far away
And I'm always dreaming of my childhood
And the happy days I spent near Dingle Bay

Oh list to the lay of a poor Irish harper
and scorn not the strings of his old withered hands
but remember these fingers could once move more sharper
to waken the echos of his dear native land

It was long before the shamrock our green isle loved emblem
was crushed in its beauty neath the Saxon lion's paw
it was called by the colleens in village and valley
Bold Phelam O'Brady, the Bard of Armagh

How I long to muse on the days of my boyhood
Though four scores and trhee years have flitted since then
still it gives sweet reflections as every young joy should
that merry hearted boys make the best of ould men

at a pattern or fair I could twist my Shillelagh
or trip through a jig with my brouges bound with straw
whilst all pretty maidens around me assembled
Loved Bold Phelam O'Brady, the Bard of Armagh

Although I have travelled this wide world all over
yet Erin's my home and a parent to me
Then Oh! Let the ground that my ould bones shall cover
Be cut from the soil that is trod by the free

And when Sergeant Death in his cold arm shall embrace me
to lull me to sleep with sweet Erin Go Bragh
By the side of my Kathleen my young wife oh place me
The forget Bold Phelam O'Brady, the Bard of Armagh

In the year of one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight
A sorrowful tale the truth unto you I’ll relate
Of thirty-six heroes to the world they were left to be seen
By a false information they were shot on Dunlavin Green

Bad luck to you Saunders their lives you sold away
You said a parade would be held on that very day
The drums they did rattle and the fifes they did sweetly play
Surrounded we were and quietly marched away

Quite easily they led us as prisoners through the town
To be shot on the plain we then were forced to lie down
Such grief and such sorrow in one place was ne’er before seen
As when the blood ran in streams down the dykes of Dunlavin Green

There is young Andy Ryan he has plenty of cause to complain
Likewise the two Duffy’s who were shot down on the plain
And young Mattie Farrell whose mother distracted will run
For the loss of her own darling boy her eldest son

Bad luck to you Saunders bad luck may you never shun
That the widow’s curse might melt you like snow in the sun
The cries of those orphans whose murmurs you shall never sheen
For the loss of their own dear fathers who died on the green

Some of our boys to the hills they have run away
Some of them have been shot and more have run off to sea
Michael Dwyer of the mountain has plenty of cause for the spleen
For the loss of his own dear comrades who died on the green

I skimmed across black water, without once submerging
Onto the banks of an urban morning
That hungers the first light, much much more
Than mountains ever do

And she like a ghost beside me goes down with the ease of a dolphin
And emerges unlearned, unshamed , unharmed
For she is the perfect creature, natural in every feature
And I am the geek with the alchemists stone

For all of you who must discover, for all who seek to
Understand
For having left the path of others, you find a very special hand

And it is a holy thing, and it is a precious time
And it is the only way
Forget-me-nots among the snow, it's always been and so it goes
To ponder his death and his life eternally

For all of you who must discover
For all who seek to understand
For having left the path of others, you find a very special hand

And it is a holy thing, and it is a precious time
And it is the only way
Forget-me-nots among the snow, it's always been and so it goes
To ponder his death and his life eternally

One bright blue rose outlives all those
Two thousand years and still it goes
To ponder his death and his life eternally

In Belfast streets I've heard it said,
They're shooting little children dead,
Taking lives hardly begun,
With plastic bullets in their guns.

We won't be kept down easily,
We will not be still,
We will not be kept down easily,
After all you maimed and killed.

Young Carol Ann, just 12 years of age
Shot down by Brits in bloody rage,
Wee Julie Livingstone as well,
Fell victim to their, plastic hell.

We won't be kept down easily,
We will not be still,
We will not be kept down easily,
After all you maimed and killed.

They try to make us toe their line,
By using every type of crime,
But, freedom won't be terrorised,
Nor freedom's struggle, criminalised

We won't be kept down easily,
We will not be still,
We will not be kept down easily,
After all you maimed and killed.

They tried to drag us from our streets,
By taking lives so young and sweet,
Do they not know, we'll not be beat,
And that violence is their own defeat.
We won't be kept down easily,
We will not be still,
We will not be kept down easily,
After all you maimed and killed.
We won't be kept down easily,
We will not be still,
We will not be kept down easily,
After all you maimed and killed.
After all you maimed and killed.
After all you maimed and killed.

In eleven sixty-seven, they came to Ireland on the make
They were followed by invasions and by conquests in their wake
The Kings and Queens of England made the land a battleground
They took the land by fraud, defeat; by murder, poison, and deceit!

Murder, plunder fallaballa, clear the way
Cheating, stealing, diddly-idel-day
Ducking, diving, fallaballa, clear the way
Diddly-aidel-doh, diddly-aidel-day

Then by the fifteenth century they held precariously to the Pale
The invaders were more Irish than the Irish, that's the tale
A fat greedy king (called Henry)'s dick was bigger than his brain
Imposed a reformation- confiscating usurpation!

You'll never beat the Irish, no matter what you do
You can put us down and keep us out, but we'll come back again
You know we are the fighting Irish and we'll fight until the end
You know, you should have known: You'll never beat the Irish

The virgin Queen, Elizabeth, brought more turmoil to our land
She decimated Munster, scorched the earth and all at hand
Then James the first and Charles the Mad brought out other greedy bands
They took the land of Ulster, killed their Chieftains- poisoned, plundered!

Murder, plunder fallaballa, clear the way
Cheating, stealing, diddly-idel-day
Ducking, diving, fallaballa, clear the way
Diddly-aidel-doh, diddly-aidel-day

-And by defective titles, they cheated Connaught and the west
Across the seventeenth century from war we had no rest
For the curse of Cromwell plagued the land, 'til our towns were red with blood
Then the Battle of the Boyne was fought by William, James and foreign hoards

You'll never beat the Irish, no matter what you do
You can put us down and keep us out, but we'll come back again
You know we are the fighting Irish and we'll fight until the end
You know, you should have known: You'll never beat the Irish

Among the hills of green Tyrone
An Irish soldier lies
The youthful Martin Hurson who for Ireland gave his life
To uphold his country´s dignity he followed Bobby Sands
On Hunger Strike for human rights
To death he took his stand

Through dreary days in that H- Block cage
My thoughts return to you
Though beaten low by savageful
Your memories saw me through
In tortured nights you´re praised in lights
And soothe my fears and pain
And though I´m gone you must fight on
Till Ireland is free again

Naked and pale in my H- Block cell
My heart still burns of you
In fondest dreams I drill the teams
Among your hills again
A guiding light to lead the fight
To free my green Tyrone
The voice of truth for Irish youth
To grouse the British throne

Farewell my native green Tyrone
And you sweet ...
My parents and companions brave
I´m watching over you yet
Of you who blessed my childhood days
Or memories I recall
And so farewell to the land I love truely
A land along the Foyle

And so farewell to the land I love truely
A land along the Foyle

There’s a spot in old Tyrconnell
There’s a wee house in that glen
Where dwelt an Irish colleen
Who charmed the hearts of men
She was winsome, hale and hearty
Fair and graceful as the fawn
Neighbours loved the widow’s daughter
Happy, laughing Noreen Bawn

Then one day there came a letter
With her passage paid to go
To the land where the Missouri
And the Mississippi flow
So she said goodbye to Erin
And next morning at the dawn
A broken hearted mother
Bid farewell to Noreen Bawn

Many years that mother waited
Till one evening at her door
Stood a gorgeous looking lady
Awful grand the clothes she wore
Whispering, “Mother don’t you know me?
Sure I’ve only got a cold”
But those purple spots upon her cheeks
The tragic story told

There’s a grave-yard in Tyrconnell
Where the blossoms sadly wave
There’s a sorrow stricken mother
Weeping o’er that lonely grave
Saying Noreen, oh my Noreen
It’s so lonesome since you’ve gone
‘Twas the curse of emigration
Laid you low, my Noreen Bawn

What do I have, said the fine old woman
What do I have, this proud old woman did say
I have four green fields, each one was a jewel
But strangers came and tried to take them from me
I have fine strong sons, who fought to save my jewels
They fought and they died, and that was my grief said she

Long time ago, said the fine old woman
Long time ago, this proud old woman did say
There was war and death, plundering and pillage
My children starved, by mountain, valley and sea
And their wailing cries, they shook the very heavens
My four green fields ran red with their blood, said she

What have I now, said the fine old woman
What have I now, this proud old woman did say
I have four green fields, one of them's in bondage
In stranger's hands, that tried to take it from me
But my sons had sons, as brave as were their fathers
My fourth green field will bloom once again said she

Oh Danny Boy, the pipes the pipes are calling
from glen to glen and down the mountain side
the summer's gone and all the flowers dying
it's you it's you must go andI must bide
but come ye back when summer's in the meadow
or when the valley's hushed and white with snow
it's I'll be here in sunshine or in shadow
Oh Danny Boy my Danny Boy I love you so

And when ye come and all the flowers are dying
if I am dead as dead I well may be
you'll come and find the place where I am lying
and knell and say an Ave there for me
and I shall hear tho soft ye tread above me
and all my grave will warmer sweeter be
and if you bend and tell me that you love me
than I shall sleep in peace until you come to me

Danny Boy is the story of a father who has 4 boys. The eldest 3 have all gone
off to war and been killed. Now the youngest, Danny all of 16 years old is old enough to go to war himself (the pipes, the pipes of war are calling him). His father knows the odds and realizes that Danny too will probably be a casualty. In the event Danny lives however, the father knows he's so old and broken hearted at the prospects of losing all his sons that he will die of a broken heart. This is his farewell song to his youngest son.

Oh I'll sing a song,
Of the bravest men!
That famous fighting unit from Armagh
They are the men,
From Crossmaglen,
Amongst the bravest Irelands ever saw

In Crossmaglen,
The fire burns true.
The patriotic flame will never die.
And when you hear the battle cry
It will be the fighting men from Crossmaglen

At night you hear,
Bazookas roar,
Armalites are heard across the land.
The IRA,
Their spirits soar
They know the reckonin has come to hand

In Crossmaglen,
The fire burns true.
The patriotic flame will never die.
And when you hear the battle cry
It will be the fighting men from Crossmaglen

The British scum,
They do fear,
Never again they'll see their cursed shore.
WHY?
Because they know
They'll pay dear,
And the RA will even Irelands bloody score.

In Crossmaglen,
The fire burns true.
The patriotic flame will never die.
And when you hear the battle cry
It will be the fighting men from Crossmaglen

And when you hear the battle cry
It will be the fighting men from Crossmaglen

On a far off August day, cold young men in ambush lay,
On a roadside on a hill where flowers grow,
So much hate for one so young, who was right and who was wrong,
Though a thousand years may pass we'll never know.

Candles dripping blood,they placed beside your shoulders,
Rosary beads like teardrops on your fingers,
Friends and comrades standin' by, in their grief they wonder why,
Michael in their hour of need you had to go.

And when evening twilight came,gentle fell the August rain,
Oh but you lay still and silent on the ground,
As we hung our heads in prayer,in our sorrow and dispare,
We wondered was it friend or foe who shot you down,

Candles dripping blood,they placed beside your shoulders,
Rosary beads like teardrops on your fingers,
Friends and comrades standin' by, in their grief they wonder why,
Michael in their hour of need you had to go.

Now the flame that you held high,when you called out to the sky,
To end this sense less killing and this shame,
Has now passed to other hands and is carried through the land
By some not fit to even speak your name.

The Easter Rising was a launching pad for Michael Collins
At 16 he worked in England and joined the I.R.B.
There he became convinced that independence could
only be achieved by force.
He returned to Dublin Jan.1916 and during Easter week
served as Joseph Plunkett's aide in the G.P.O.
He was described as the most effective officer there.
 
After the rising he was interned in Wales and while
there he set up a branch of the I.R.B. and after his
release in Dec.1916 rose to prominence in the orgnisation
and became a dominant figure in the Irish Volunteers.
He went on to co-ordinate the republican campaign
in the war of independence

Come over the hills, my bonny Irish lass
Comer over the hills to your darling;
You choose the rose, love, and I'll make the vow
And I'll be your true love forever.

Red is the rose that in yonder garden grows,
And fair is the lily of the valley;
Clear is the water that flows from the Boyne
But my love is fairer than any.

'Twas down by Killarney's green woods that we strayed
And the moon and the stars they were shining;
The moon shone its rays on her locks of golden hair
And she swore she'd be my love forever.

Red is the rose that in yonder garden grows,
And fair is the lily of the valley;
Clear is the water that flows from the Boyne
But my love is fairer than any.

It's not for the parting tht my sister pains
It's not for the grief of my mother,
"Tis all for the loss of my bonny Irish lass
That my heart is breaking forever.

Red is the rose that in yonder garden grows,
And fair is the lily of the valley;
Clear is the water that flows from the Boyne
But my love is fairer than any.

Armed for the battle kneel we before thee 
Bless thou our our banners,God for the brave!! 
Ireland is living! Shout we exulant 
Ireland is waking hands grasp the sword 
Who fights for Ireland,God guide his blows home 
Who died for Ireland,God give him peace! 
Knowing our cause just,march we triumphant 
Lying or dying Ireland to free! 
The spirit of freedom floats in the ether 
Souls of our hero's marched by out side 
Tone is out battle-cry: Emmet inspires us 
Those who for Freedom fall never shall die 
England is breaking! shout we exultant 
England is beaten - Ireland is free!!!!!! 
Charge for the old cause, down with the old foe 
Giving our hearts blood Ireland to free!

On Raglan Road of an Autumn day
I saw her first and knew,
That her dark hair would weave a snare
That I might someday rue.
I saw the danger and I passed
Along the enchanted way.
And I said,"Let grief be a fallen leaf
At the dawning of the day."

On Grafton Street in November, we
Tripped lightly along the ledge
Of a deep ravine where can be seen
The worth of passion play.
The Queen of Hearts still making tarts
And I not making hay;
Oh, I loved too much and by such and such
Is happiness thrown away.

I gave her gifts of the mind,
I gave her the secret signs,
That's known to the artists who have known
The true gods of sound and stone.
And her words and tint without stint
I gave her poems to say
With her own name there and her own dark hair
Like clouds over fields of May.

On a quiet street where old ghosts meet
I see her walking now,
And away from me so hurriedly
My reason must allow.
That I had loved, not as I should
A creature made of clay,
When the angel woos the clay, he'll lose
His wings at the dawn of day.

Boys, O Boys! Listen here to me, 
We´re going to live in a State that´s Free, 
Good English citizens all we´ll be; 
And friends of the Princess Royal; 
If we only flop on our hands and knees 
And swear by George of the lands and seas 
To wipe the green from the Irish trees 
And for evermore be loyal. 

We´ll welcome George with a slavish smile 
We´ll greet him in real colonial style, 
Back out of his presence half a mile, 
Like English Whigs and Tories; 
We´ll damn the deeds of the true and brave 
Who are sleeping in many an Irish grave 
Bow down like beggars and humbly crave 
For a share in England´s glories. 

We´ll curse the name of the rebel Tone, 
And of every rebel our land has known 
And all who hated the English throne, 
And fought for the Irish Nation, 
We´ve torn up every oath and vow, 
We´re part of the civilised Empire now, 
And the annals of England will teach us how 
To make sure of our soul´s salvation! 

All hail the glorious Union Jack! 
(Though steeped in the blood of the white and the black) 
We´ll paste it to Ireland´s bended back 
To prove to the world she´s loyal; 
We´ll stifle her voice, we´ll drown her cries, 
We´ll blacken her face with loyal lies, 
Throw royal dust in her angry eyes 
And hooray for George the Royal!

Oh, I am a merry ploughboy and I plough the fields all day
Till a sudden thought came to my head, that I should roam away
For I'm sick and tired of slavery since the day that I was born
And I'm off to join the IRA and I'm off tomorrow morn

And we're all off to Dublin in the green, in the green
Where the helmets glisten in the sun
Where the bayonets flash and the rifles crash
To the rattle of a Thompson gun

I'll leave aside me pick and spade, I'll leave aside me plough
I'll leave aside me horse and yoke, I no longer need them now
I'll leave aside me Mary, she's the girl that I adore
And I wonder if she'll think of me when she'll hear the rifles roar

And we're all off to Dublin in the green, in the green
Where the helmets glisten in the sun
Where the bayonets flash and the rifles crash
To the rattle of a Thompson gun

And when the war is over and dear old Ireland is free
I'll take her to the church to wed and a rebel's wife she'll be
Well, some men fight for silver and some men fight for gold
But the IRA are fighting for the land that the Freestaters stole

And we're all off to Dublin in the green, in the green
Where the helmets glisten in the sun
Where the bayonets flash and the rifles crash
To the rattle of a Thompson gun

Come workers, sing a rebel song, a song of love and hate, 
Of love unto the lowly, and of hatred to the great 
The great who trod our fathers down, who steal our childrens bread, 
Whose hand of greed is stretched to rob the living and the dead 

cho: Then sing our rebel song, as we proudly sweep along 
To end the age-long tyranny that makes for human tears 
Our march is nearer done with each setting of the sun, 
And the tyrants might is passing with the passing of the years. 

We sing no song of wailing, and no song of sights or tears, 
High are our hopes and stout our hearts, and banished all our fears 
Our flag is raised above us so that all the world may see 
'Tis Labour's faith and Labours arm alone can labour free. 

Out from the depths of misery we march with hearts aflame, 
With wrath against the rulers false who wreck our menhoods name 
The serf who licks his tyrants rod may bend forgiving knee. 
The slave who breaks his slaverys chain a wrathful man must be. 

Our army Marches onward with its face towards the dawn, 
In trust secure in that one thing the slave may lean upon, 
The might within the arm of him who, knowing Freedom's worth, 
Strikes home to banish tyranny from off the face of earth 

My name is George Campbell at the age of eighteen
I joined the United Men to strive for the green,
And many a battle I did undergo
With that hero commander, brave General Munroe.

Have you heard of the Battle of Ballinahinch
Where the people oppressed rose up in defence?
When Munroe left the mountains his men took the field,
And they fought for twelve hours and never did yield.

Munroe being tired and in want of a sleep,
Gave a woman ten guineas his secret to keep.
But when she got the money the devil tempted her so
That she sent for the soldiers and surrendered Munroe.

The army they came and surrounded the place,
And they took him to Lisburn and lodged him in jail.
And his father and mother in passing that way
Heard the very last words that their dear son did say!

"Oh, I die for my country as I fought for her cause,
And I donÂ´t fear your soldiers nor yet heed your laws.
And let every true man who hates IrelandÂ´s foe
Fight bravely for freedom like Henry Munroe."

And Â´twas early one morning when the sun was still low,
They murdered our hero brave General Munroe,
And high oÂ´er the Courthouse stuck his head on a spear,
For to make the United men tremble and fear.

Then up came MunroeÂ´s sister, she was all dressed in green,
With a sword by her side that was well-sharped and keen.
Giving three hearty cheers, away she did go
Saying, "IÂ´ll have revenge for my brother Munroe."

All ye good men who listen, just think of the fate
Of the brave men who died in the year Ninety Eight.
For poor old Ireland would be free long ago
If her sons were all rebels like Henry Munroe.

Oh hark to the tale of young Fergal O'h-Annluan
Who died in Brookboro' to make Ireland free
For his heart he had pledged to the cause of his country
And he took to the hills like a bold rapparee
 
And he feared not to walk to the walls of the barracks
A volley of death poured from window to door
Alas for young Fergal, his life blood for freedom
Oh Brookboro' pavements profused to pour
 
When the smoke and the dim from the battle was over
And Fergal was borne by his comrades away
He asked them to fly from that place and take cover
But he died in the hands of the foe that day
 
God strike from your hands all your hierlings and traitors
The weopens that murdered our brave volunteer
God grant us our freedom, the dreams of O'hAnnluain
And lift from our valleys all sorrow and fear

'Twas down by the Glenside I met an old woman
A plucking young nettles she ne'er saw me coming
I listened a while to the song she was humming
Glory o glory o to the Bold Fenian Men

'Tis fifty long years since I saw the moon beamin'
On strong many forms, and on eyes with hope gleamin'
I see them again sure through all my sad dreamin'
Glory o glory o to the Bold Fenian Men

Some died by the glenside, some died mid the stranger
And wise men have told us their cause was a failure
But they stood by old Ireland and never feared danger
Glory o glory o to the Bold Fenian Men

I passed on my way, God be praised that I met her
Be life long or short I will never forget her
We may have great men but we'll never have better
Glory o glory o to the Bold Fenian Men

I sat within a valley green sat there with my true love
And my fond heart strove to choose between the old love and the new love
The old for her, the new that made me think on Ireland dearly
While soft the wind blew down the glade and shook the golden barley

'twas hard the mournful words to frame to break the ties that bound us
Ah, but harder still to bear the shame of foreign chains around us
And so I said, "The mountain glen I'll seek at morning early
And join the brave united men" while soft wind shook the barley

'twas sad I kissed away her tears her arms around me clinging
When to my ears that fateful shot come out the wildwood ringing
The bullet pierced my true love's breast in life's young spring so early
And there upon my breast she died while soft wind shook the barley

I bore her to some mountain stream and many's the summer blossom
I placed with branches soft and green about her gore-stained bosom
I wept and kissed her clay-cold corpse then rushed o'er vale and valley
My vengeance on the foe to wreak while soft wind shook the barley

Twas blood for blood without remorse I took at Oulart Hollow
I placed my true love's clay-cold corpse where mine full soon may follow
Around her grave I wondered drear noon, night and morning early
With aching heart when e'er I hear the wind that shakes the barley

Oh, me and my cousin, one Arthur McBride
As we went a-walkin' down by the seaside
Now mark what followed and what did betide
For it bein' on Christmas mornin'
Now, for recreation, we went on a tramp
And we met sergeant Napper and corporal Vamp
And a little wee drummer intending to camp
For the day bein' pleasant and charmin'

"Good morning, good morning, " the sergeant he cried
"And the same to you, gentlemen, " we did reply
Intending no harm but meant to pass by
For it bein' on Christmas mornin'
"But, " says he, "My fine fellows, if you will enlist
Ten guineas in gold I'll stick to your fist
And a crown in the bargain for to kick up the dust
And drink the king's health in the morning

"For a soldier, he leads a very fine life
And he always is blessed with a charming young wife
And he pays all his debts without sorrow or strife
And he always lives pleasant and charmin'
And a soldier, he always is decent and clean
In the finest of clothing he's constantly seen
While other poor fellows go dirty and mean
And sup on thin gruel in the morning"

"But, " says Arthur, "I wouldn't be proud of your clothes
For you've only the lend of them, as I suppose
But you dare not change them one night, for you know
If you do, you'll be flogged in the morning
And although that we're single and free
We take great delight in our own company
We have no desire strange places to see
Although that your offers are charming

"And we have no desire to take your advance
All hazards and dangers we barter on chance
For you'd have no scruples for to send us to France
Where we would get shot without warning"
"Oh no, " says the sergeant, "I'll have no such chat
And neither will I take it from snappy young brats
For if you insult me with one other word
I'll cut off your heads in the morning"

And Arthur and I, we soon drew our hogs
We scarce gave them time to draw their own blades
When a trusty shillelagh came over their head
And bid them take that as fair warning
And their old rusty rapiers that hung by their sides
We flung them as far as we could in the tide
"Now take them up, devils!" cried Arthur McBride
"And temper their edge in the mornin'!"

And the little wee drummer, we flattened his bow
And we made a football of his rowdy-dow-dow
Threw it in the tide for to rock and to roll
And bade it a tedious returning
And we havin' no money, paid them off in cracks
We paid no respect to their two bloody backs
And we lathered them there like a pair of wet sacks
And left them for dead in the morning

And so, to conclude and to finish disputes
We obligingly asked if they wanted recruits
For we were the lads who would give them hard clouts
And bid them look sharp in the mornin'
Oh, me and my cousin, one Arthur McBride
As we went a-walkin' down by the seaside
Now mark what followed and what did betide
For it bein' on Christmas mornin'

In an Irish country home, One evening long ago
Sat an old man and his little daughter Nell
Said the girl with Irish glee, as she played upon his knee
You promised me a story you would tell

"Come tell me of the past. Of my mother dear." she asked
Come tell me how she used to look she cried
Answering Nell the old man said, as he slowly bent his head
Tears were in his eyes, he then replied

She was sweeter than the blossoms on the clover
She was fairer than the evening sunset glow
But I never will forget how much I loved her
When your mother took my name long long ago
We were married she and I, and in every way we tried
To make our house a home of happiness
'Til a bright septembers morn, on the day that you were born
God took her to a brighter home above

In an Irish country home, one evening long ago
Sat an old man and his little daughter Nell
Though the best of friends must part
She was dearer to my heart
For your mother was the only one I love
For your mother was the only one I love

In an Irish country home, one evening long ago
Sat an old man and his little daughter Nell
Though the best of friends must part
She was dearer to my heart
For your mother was the only one I love
For your mother was the only one I love

1919 was the year the trouble all went down
The Defence of the Realm Act was invoked by the Crown
They imposed martial law upon old Limerick town
And they made the local people foot the bill

The local trades and workers council met for 12 long hours
And said we will not recognise the British Army’s powers
This city is the people’s, we reclaim it now as ours
It ever was and shall be ever still

We are the Limerick Soviet
We answer only to the people’s plea
We care no more for their martial law
Than the British Army cares for you and me

The printing workers laboured through the darkness of the night
To urge the population to resist the army’s might
Within two hours the city walls proclaimed a General Strike
And Limerick responded to the call

Workers in their thousands were parading through the streets
The Irish Times was horrified and called for their defeat
But the people were in charge now not the Army or elite
They held the torch of freedom for us all

We are the Limerick Soviet
We answer only to the people’s plea
We care no more for their martial law
Than the British Army cares for you and me

The Soviet of Limerick it lasted two weeks long
A forgotten revolution overlooked by history’s song
John Cronin and his strike committee’s beacon has not gone
It lights the path to justice for us still

We are the Limerick Soviet
We answer only to the people’s plea
We care no more for their martial law
Than the British Army cares for you and me

As we gather in song and in story
The memory of Pearse and McBride
Whose names are illumined in glory
And martyrs for long since have died
Forget not the boys of Kilmichael
Those brave lads so gallant and true
Who fought ‘neath the green flag of Erin
And conquered the red, white and blue

So here’s to the boys of Kilmichael
Those brave lads so gallant and true
Who fought ‘neath the green flag of Erin
And conquered the red, white and blue

The twentieth day of November
The day that the tans left Macroom
They loaded in two crossley tenders
Not knowing that they’d meet their doom
But when they came near to Kilmichael
They suddnely came to a stop
They met with the boys of the column
Who made a clean sweep of the lot.

So here’s to the boys of Kilmichael
Those brave lads so gallant and true
Who fought ‘neath the green flag of Erin
And conquered the red, white and blue

Then over the hills went the echo
The peal of the rifle and gun
The flames from the lorries gave tidings
The boys from Kilmichael had won
So here’s to the boys of Kilmichael
Those brave lads so gallant and true
Who fought ‘neath the green flag of Erin
And conquered the red, white and blue

So here’s to the boys of Kilmichael
Those brave lads so gallant and true
Who fought ‘neath the green flag of Erin
And conquered the red, white and blue

Oh, the summer time is coming
And the trees are sweetly blooming
And the wild mountain thyme
Grows around the blooming heather

Will you go lassie, go?
And we'll all go together
To pluck wild mountain thyme
All around the blooming heather
Will you go lassie, go?

I will build my love a bower
Near yon pure crystal fountain
And on it I will pile
All the flowers of the mountain

Will you go lassie, go?
And we'll all go together
To pluck wild mountain thyme
All around the blooming heather
Will you go lassie, go?

If my true love she/he were gone
I would surely find another
To pluck wild mountain thyme
All around the blooming heather

Will you go lassie, go?
And we'll all go together
To pluck wild mountain thyme
All around the blooming heather
Will you go lassie, go?

Oh, the summer time is coming
And the trees are sweetly blooming
And the wild mountain thyme
Grows around the blooming heather

Will you go lassie, go?
And we'll all go together
To pluck wild mountain thyme
All around the blooming heather
Will you go lassie, go?

I wandered today to the hills Maggie
to watch the scene below
the creek and the creaking old mill Maggie
as we used to long long ago

the green grove is gone from the hills Maggie
where first the daisies sprung
the creaking old mill is still Maggie
since you and I were young

they say that I'm feeble with age Maggie
My step are much slower than then
my face is a well written page Maggie
and time all alone was the pen

They say we have outlived our time Maggie
as dated as the songs that we've sung
but to me you're as fair as you were Maggie
when you and I were young

As I walked through the Glenshane Pass I heard a young girl mourn 
'The boy form Tamlaghtduff 'she cried 'is two years dead and gone' 
How my heart is torn apart this young man to lose 
Oh I'll never see the likes again of my young Francis Hughes 

For many years his exploits were a thorn in Englands side 
The hills and glens became his home there he used to hide 
Once when they surrounded him he quietly slipped away 
Like a fox he went to ground and kept the dogs at bay 

Moving round the countryside he often made the news 
But they could never lay their hands on my brave Francis Hughes 
Finally they wounded him and captured him at last 
From the countryside he loved they took him to Belfast 

Oh from Musgrave Park to the Crumlin Road and then to an H-Block cell 
He went straight on the blanket then on hungerstrike as well 
His will to win they could never break no matter what they tried 
He fought them every day he lived and he fought them as he died 

As I walked through the Glenshane Pass I heard a young girl mourn 
'The boy form Tamlaghtduff 'she cried 'is two years dead and gone' 
How my heart is torn apart this young man to lose 
Oh I'll never see the likes again of my young Francis Hughes 

True you ride the finest horse I've ever seen
Standing sixteen one or two with eyes wild and green
You ride the horse so well hands light to the touch
I could never go with you no matter how I wanted to

Ride on, see you
I could never go with you no matter how I wanted to
Ride on, see you
I could never go with you no matter how I wanted to

When you ride into the night without a trace behind
Run your claw along my gut, one last time
I turn to face an empty space, where you used to lie
And look for a spark that lights the night
Through a teardrop in my eye

Ride on, see you
I could never go with you no matter how I wanted to
Ride on, see you
I could never go with you no matter how I wanted to

I've travelled round this country
From  shore to shining shore
And I've never ceased to wonder
the things I heard and saw
 
But the banks are made of marble
With a  guard at every door
And the vaults are filled with silver
That the worker sweated for

I've seen the weary housewife, 
Buying groceries at the store
And I've heard the grocer saying
This is going to cost you more

But the banks are made of marble
With a guard at every door
And the vaults are filled with silver
That the worker sweated for.

I’ve seen the weary miner
Scrubbing coal dust from his back
And I’ve heard his children crying' 
got no coal to heat the shack.

But the banks are made of marble
With a guard at every door
And the vaults are filled with silver
That the worker sweated for.
I've seen the weary sailor,
Standing idly on the shore,
And I've heard his skipper saying
There's no berth here anymore.

But the banks are made of marble
With a guard at every door
 And the vaults are filled with silver
That the worker sweated for.
Lets rise up and take our country
Lets rise up and take our land
Let us all rise together
For together we must stand.

We'll blow up the banks of marble
With the guards on every door,
And share out the vaults of silver
That the worker sweated for.

We'll blow up the banks of marble
With the guards on every door,
And share out the vaults of silver
That the worker sweated for

Go on home British Soldiers Go on home
Have you got no fucking homes of your own
For 800 years we've fought you without fear
And we will fight you for 800 more

If you stay British Soldiers If you stay
You'll never ever beat the IRA
For the 14 men in Derry
Are the last that you will bury
So take a tip And leave us bloody be

So Go on home British Soldiers Go on home
Have you got no fucking homes of your own
For 800 years we've fought you without fear
And we will fight you for 800 more

We're not British, we're not Saxon we're not English
We're Irish and proud we are to be
So fuck your Union Jack We want our country back
We want to see old Ireland free once more

So Go on home British Soldiers Go on home
Have you got no fucking homes of your own
For 800 years we've fought you without fear
And we will fight you for 800 more

We'll fight them British Soldiers for the cause
We'll never bow to Soldiers because
Troughout our history We were born to be free
So geo out British bastards leave us be

So Go on home British Soldiers Go on home
Have you got no fucking homes of your own
For 800 years we've fought you without fear
And we will fight you for 800 more

Go on home British Soldiers Go on home
Have you got no fucking homes of your own
For 800 years we've fought you without fear
And we will fight you for 800 more

Doesn't seem quite so long ago,
The last time that I saw you,
Ain't it funny how the memories grow,
They always fold around you,
They tried to break you in a living hell,
But they couldn't find a way,
So they killed you in a H-Block cell,
And hoped that all would turn away,
Thought that your spirit couldn't rise again
But it dared to prove them wrong,
And in death you tore away the chains,
And let the world hear Freedom's Song

Yet the heartache and pain linger on,
They're still here though its so long since you have gone,
But we're stronger now you showed us how,
How freedom fight can be won

I wish there was an easy road to chose,
To bring the heartache to an end,
But easy roads are always sure to lose,
I've seen that time and time again,
If you can stand by me like yesterday,
I'll find the strength to carry on,
So let your spirit shine along the way,
And our day will surely come

Yet the heartache and pain linger on,
They're still here though its so long since you have gone,
But we're stronger now you showed us how,
How freedom fight can be won, if we all stand as one

It was in the year of '88 in the lovely month of June
When the gadflies were swarming and dogs howling at the moon
With rosary beads and sandwiches for Stuttgart we began
Joxer packed his German phrasebook and jumpleads for the van

Some of the lads had never been away from home before
'Twas the first time Whacker put his foot outside of Inchicore
Before we left for Europe we knew we'd need a plan
So we all agreed that Joxer was the man to drive the van

In Germany the autobahn, 'twas like the Long Mile Road
There was every make of car and van all carrying the full load
Ford Transits and Hiaces and an old Bedford from Tralee
With the engine overheating from longhauling duty free

There was fans from Ballygermot, Ballybough and Ballymun
On the journey of a lifetime, and the crack was ninety-one
Joxer met a German's daughter on the banks of the river Rhine
And he told her she'd be welcome in Ballyfermot any time

As soon as we found Stuttgart we got the wagons in a ring
Sean Og got out the banjo and Peter played the mandolin
There was fans there from everywhere attracted by the sound
At the first Fleadh Ceoil in Europe, and Joxer passed the flagon round

But the session it ended when we'd finished all the stout
The air mattresses inflated and the sleeping bags rolled out
As one by one we fell asleep Joxer had a dream
He dreamt himself and Jack Charlton sat down to pick the team

Joxer dreamt they both agreed on Packie Bonner straightaway
And that Moran, Whelan and McGrath were certainly to play
But tempers they began to rise and patience wearing thin
Jack wanted Cascarino but Joxer wanted Quinn

The dream turned into a nightmare, Joxer stuck the head on Jack
Who wanted to bring Johnny Giles and Eamon Dunphy back
The cock crew in the morning, it crew both loud and shrill
Joxer woke up in his sleeping bag many miles from Arbour Hill

The next morning none of the experts gave us the slightest chance
They said the English team would lead us on a merry dance
With their Union Jacks all them English fans for victory they were set
Until Ray Houghton got the ball and he stuck it in the net

What happened next is history, brought tears to many eyes
That day will be the highlight of many people's lives
Joxer climbed right over the top and the last time he was seen
Was arm in arm with Jack Charlton singing, Revenge for Skibereen

Now Whacker's back in Inchicore, he's living with his mam
And Jack Charlton has been proclaimed an honorary Irishman
Do you remember that German's daughter on the banks of the river Rhine
Well, didn't she show up in Ballyfermot last week...

I'm a Podcheen, come to the Wadjeen
I got money, and acres of land
I'm looking for a honey, with a bit of money
Catch me if you can, me name is Dan, Sure I'm your man

I like the Cailla, and the Stack of Barley
I like the Waltzes, the Jigs and the Reels
I like swinging, when Big Tom is singing
Catch me if you can, me name is Dan, Sure I'm your man

Chorus
And I'm off to Lisdoonvarna at the end of the year
I'm off for the bit of crack, the women and the beer
I'm awful shifty, for a man of fifty
Catch me if you can, me name is Dan, Sure I'm your man

I've got a brother, he's in the Garvey
I've got an uncle, he's up there in the Dail
He's quite a charmer, he's a mighty farmer
Catch me if you can, me name is Dan, Sure I'm your man

Now to conclude and, finish my story
If there's a young one, looking for a man
Take the bus from Banath, down to Lisdoonvarna
Catch me if you can, me name is Dan, Sure I'm your man

And I'm off to Lisdoonvarna at the end of the year
I'm off for the bit of crack, the women and the beer
I'm awful shifty, for a man of fifty
Catch me if you can, me name is Dan, Sure I'm your man

I'm awful shifty, for a man of fifty
Catch me if you can. Me name is Dan, Sure I'm your man

Once again black flags are hoisted in the county of Tyrone
Three more good men lie butchered by the forces of the crown
We shed tears of grief and anger as the news spreads quickly round
How the SAS had waited and without warning gunned them down.

Now the green flag is wrapped around them
Gloves and berets on their chests
We salute three gallant soldiers
As we lay them down to rest.
 
On the road past Drumnakilly sorrow shrouds thae roadway still
There the Sas men lay in ambush to do Maggie Thatchers will
Like Loughall and like Gibralter British justice has no frills
They came to Tyrone for vengeance and their orders were to kill.
 
Gerry and Martin Harte we've lost you we remember you with pride
You both had so much to live for now your dreams have been denied
Brian Mullin we shall miss you with your friendly smiling face
Though you died with your fond comrades in our hearts you hold the place.

Three brave volunteers are gone what is there left to say
It was Ireland's love that called them when they joined the IRA
So let thatcher send her murderers to the hills of gree Tyrone
It is she who will be mourning when we send her soldiers home.

Oh my name it is Sam Hall chimney sweep, chimney sweep
Oh my name it is Sam Hall chimney sweep
Oh my name it is Sam Hall and I've robbed both great
And small
And my neck will pay for all when I die, when I die
And my neck will pay for all when I die

I have twenty pounds in store, that's not all, that's
Not all
I have twenty pounds in store, that's not all
I have twenty pounds in store and I'll rob for twenty
More
For the rich must help the poor, so must I, so must I
For the rich must help the poor, so must I

Oh they took me to Cootehill in a cart, in a cart
Oh they took me to Cootehill in a cart
Oh they took me to Cootehill where I stopped to make my

Will
Saying the best of friends must part, so must I, so
Must I
Saying the best of friends must part, so must I

Up the ladder I did grope, that's no joke, that's no
Joke
Up the ladder I did grope, that's no joke
Up the ladder I did grope and the hangman pulled the
Rope
And ne'er a word I spoke, tumbling down, tumbling down
And ne'er a word I spoke tumbling down

Oh my name it is Sam Hall chimney sweep, chimney sweep
Oh my name it is Sam Hall chimney sweep
Oh my name it is Sam Hall and I've robbed both great
And small
And my neck will pay for all when I die, when I die
And my neck will pay for all when I die

"Oh Paddy dear, and did hear the awful things they say?
Princess Margret and Lord Snowden, they have joined the IRA
They are drilling in the mountains to the sounds of fife and drum
Young Tony's taking snapshots while young Maggie fires the gun!"
While young Maggie fires the gun, while young Maggie fires the gun
Young Tony's taking snapshots while young Maggie fires the gun

When the news reached Mother England filled the good queen with delight
She reared upon Prince Phillip in the middle of the night
Said she, "Get you your Rolls-Royce out, and get you ready quick and soon
For we must reach dear ould Ireland by the rising of the moon!"
By the rising of the moon, by the rising of the moon
For we must reach dear ould Ireland by the rising of the moon

When the news reached Dublin Castle De Valera danced for joy
"Ah said he, "That Jones De camera, he's a decent Irish boy
And the dear one Princess Margret, that Ireland's sweet colleen
I knew her uncle very well, he came from Skibbereen"
He came from Skibbereen, he came from Skibbereen
I knew her uncle very well, he came from Skibbereen

"Oh then Paddy dear and did you hear there's trouble in the land
For the Queen and De Valera are walking hand in hand
And the most disgraceful thing me boys, that you have ever seen
Was Prince Pillip playing polo on an ass in Stephen's Green
On an ass in Stephen's Green, on an ass in Stephen's Green
Prince Phillip's playing polo on an ass in Stephen's Green

It's the Sinn Fein men on that one stop train
The deal has been done the story's told
There's no turning back take a look at the track
Can't you see it's Green White and Gold.

David Trimble standing there with the conductor Tony Blare
He said please stop the train and I'll be nice 
But David don't you mind if I was you I'd look behind
Here comes wee Jeff with a knife.

It's the Sinn Fein men on that one stop train
The deal has been done the story's told
There's no turning back take a look at the track
Can't you see it's Green White and Gold.

Ian Paisley that's your name and your welcome on this train
But it's a one way ticket you've been sold
And if you start to shout then we'll have to throw you out
And there's no discount for the old.

It's the Sinn Fein men on that one stop train
The deal has been done the story's told
There's no turning back take a look at the track
Can't you see it's Green White and Gold.

McCrea stood there with McCartney by his side
Their standing on the platform looking soar
You won't march where you want we won't listen to your taunts
It's not an Orange State anymore.

It's the Sinn Fein men on that one stop train
The deal has been done the story's told
There's no turning back take a look at the track
Can't you see it's Green White and Gold.

The whistle it has blown, in every house and every home
The Tri Colour's flying all around
The engin it is stoked, the union it is broke
And fares paid in Punts not in Pounds.

It's the Sinn Fein men on that one stop train
The deal has been done the story's told
There's no turning back take a look at the track
Can't you see it's Green White and Gold.

Not Tony's taking notes while Bertie's counting votes
Sinn Fein are on the rise again
And Trimble's blood will boil when the first stop is The Dáil
And five Sinn Fein T.D.'s board the train.

I was born and raised in Boston,a place you all know well
Brought up by honest parents,the truth to you I'll tell
Brought up by honest parents,and raised most tenderly
Till I became a sporting lad at the age of twenty three

My character was taken and I was sent to jail
My friends they came and tried in vain to get me out on bail
The jury found me guilty,and the clerk he wrote it down
The judge he passed the sentence,I was bound for Charlestown

They placed me on an east bound train on a cold December's day
And every station we passed by you could hear the people saw
There goes the Boston burguler,in cold chains he is bound
For one crime or anothr he is bound for Charlestown

All you who have your freedom,take warning if you can
And dont go round the syreets at night,breaking laws of God or man
For if you do you'll surly loose and find yourself like me
Serving up full twenty years in a penatentury

High upon the gallows tree swung the noble-hearted Three.
By the vengeful tyrant stricken in their bloom;
But they met him face to face, with the courage of their race,
And they went with souls undaunted to their doom.

"God save Ireland!" said the heroes;
"God save Ireland" said they all.
Whether on the scaffold high
Or the battlefield we die,
O, what matter when for Erin dear we fall!"

Girt around with cruel foes, still their courage proudly rose,
For they thought of hearts that loved them for and near;
Of the millions true and brave o'er the ocean's swelling wave,
And the friends in holy Ireland ever dear.

"God save Ireland!" said the heroes;
"God save Ireland" said they all.
Whether on the scaffold high
Or the battlefield we die,
O, what matter when for Erin dear we fall!"

Climbed they up the rugged stair, rang their voices out in prayer,
Then with England's fatal cord around them cast,
Close beside the gallows tree kissed like brothers lovingly,
True to home and faith and freedom to the last.

"God save Ireland!" said the heroes;
"God save Ireland" said they all.
Whether on the scaffold high
Or the battlefield we die,
O, what matter when for Erin dear we fall!"

Never till the latest day shall the memory pass away,
Of the gallant lives thus given for our land;
But on the cause must go, amidst joy and weal and woe,
Till we make our Isle a nation free and grand.

"God save Ireland!" said the heroes;
"God save Ireland" said they all.
Whether on the scaffold high
Or the battlefield we die,
O, what matter when for Erin dear we fall!"

Near Bainbridge town in the County Down
One morning in last July
Down a boreen green came a sweet colleen
And she smiled as she passed me by

From Banrty Bay up to Derry Quay
From Galway to Dublin Town
No maid I've seen like the brown colleen
That I met in the County Down

She looked so sweet from her bare two feet
to the sheen of her nut brown hair
a coaxing elf and I shook myself
for to she she was really there

From Banrty Bay up to Derry Quay
From Galway to Dublin Town
No maid I've seen like the brown colleen
That I met in the County Down

The onward sped and I truned my head
And I looked with a feeling rare
I said says I to a passer by
"Who's the maid with the nut brown hair?"
He smiled at me and he said, said he
"She's the gem of Ireland's crown.
Rosie McCann From the banks of the Bann
She's the Star of the County Down!"

From Banrty Bay up to Derry Quay
From Galway to Dublin Town
No maid I've seen like the brown colleen
That I met in the County Down

The harvest fair she'll be surely there
So I'll dress in my Sunday clothes
With my shoes shone bright and my hat cocked right
And a smile for my nut brown rose
No pipe I'll smoke, no horse I'll yoke
till my plow is a rust colored brown
And a smiling bride by my own fireside
Sits the Star of the County Down

From Banrty Bay up to Derry Quay
From Galway to Dublin Town
No maid I've seen like the brown colleen
That I met in the County Down

It was the year of ’93
The French did plant an olive tree
The symbol of great liberty
And the people danced around it
O wasn’t I telling you
The French declared courageously
That Equality, Freedom and Fraternity
Would be the cry of every nation

In ’94 a new campaign
The tools of darkness did maintain
Gall’s brave sons they did form a league
And their foes they were dumb-founded
They gave to Flanders liberty
And all its people they set free
The Dutch and Austrians home did flee
And the Dukes they were confounded

Behold may all of human-kind
Emancipated with the French combine
May laurels green all on them shine
And their sons and daughters long wear them
May every tyrant shake with dread
And tremble for their guilty head
May the Fleur-de-Lis in dust be laid
And they no longer wear them

For Church and State in close embrace
Is the burden of the Human Race
And the people tell you to your face
That you will long repent it
For Kings in power and preaching drones
Are the cause of all your heavy groans
Down from your pulpits, down from your thrones
You will tumble unlamented
O wasn’t I telling you
The French declared courageously
That Equality, Freedom and Fraternity
Would be the cry of every nation

And there was an old woman and she lived in the woods
A weila weila waila
There was an old woman and she lived in the woods
Down by the River Saile

She had a baby three months old
A weila weila waila
She had a baby three months old
Down by the River Saile

She had a penknife long and sharp
A weila weila waila
She had a penknife long and sharp
Down by the River Saile

She stuck the penknife in the baby's heart
A weila weila waila
She stuck the penknife in the baby's heart
Down by the River Saile

Three loud knocks came knocking on the door
A weila weila waila
Three loud knocks came knocking on the door
Down by the River Saile

There was two policeman and a man
A weila weila waila
There was two policeman and a man
Down by the River Saile

They took her away and they put her into jail
A weila weila waila
They took her away and they put her into jail
Down by the River Saile

They put a rope around her neck
A weila weila waila
They put a rope around her neck
Down by the River Saile

They pulled the rope she got hung
A weila weila waila
They pulled the rope she got hung
Down by the River Saile

Now that was the end of the woman in the woods
A weila weila waila
And that was the end of the baby too
Down by the River Saile

My name is John Riley
I'll have your ear only a while
I left my dear home in Ireland
It was death, starvation or exile
And when I got to America
It was my duty to go
Enter the Army and slog across Texas
To join in the war against Mexico

It was there in the pueblos and hillsides
That I saw the mistake I had made
Part of a conquering army
With the morals of a bayonet blade
So in the midst of these poor, dying Catholics
Screaming children, the burning stench of it all
Myself and two hundred Irishmen
Decided to rise to the call

From Dublin City to San Diego
We witnessed freedom denied
So we formed the Saint Patrick Battalion
And we fought on the Mexican side

We marched 'neath the green flag of Saint Patrick
Emblazoned with "Erin Go Bragh"
Bright with the harp and the shamrock
And "Libertad para la República"
Just fifty years after Wolftone
Five thousand miles away
The Yanks called us a Legion of Strangers
And they can talk as they may

From Dublin City to San Diego
We witnessed freedom denied
So we formed the Saint Patrick Battalion
And we fought on the Mexican side

We fought them in Matamoros
Where their volunteers were raping the nuns
In Monterey and Cerro Gordo
We fought on as Ireland's sons
We were the red-headed fighters for freedom
Amidst these brown-skinned women and men
Side by side we fought against tyranny
And I daresay we'd do it again

From Dublin City to San Diego
We witnessed freedom denied
So we formed the Saint Patrick Battalion
And we fought on the Mexican side

We fought them in five major battles
Churubusco was the last
Overwhelmed by the cannons from Boston
We fell after each mortar blast
Most of us died on that hillside
In the service of the Mexican state
So far from our occupied homeland
We were heroes and victims of fate
From Dublin City to San Diego
We witnessed freedom denied
So we formed the Saint Patrick Battalion
And we fought on the Mexican side

To the tiny homesteads of the West
The recruiting sergeant came
He promised all a future bright
So the brave young men went off to fight
For the empire and her might
And many's the victory they had won
Many the hardships they had seen
They fought and died, side by side
Their enemies they had defied and for a foreign king

And the drums they were a beating time
While the pipes did loudly play
When Daly died, the drums did beat
That morning in the Dagshai heat
Now we'll beat the drums no more

While serving in a far off land
The news had come from home
Of a peoples' fate it did relate
Of the tans and their campaign of hate
And we're fighting on their side
Arise Arise young Daly cried
Come join along with me
We'll strike a blow for Liberty
Our regiment will mutiny and support our friends at home

And the drums they were a beating time
While the pipes did loudly play
When Daly died, the drums did beat
That morning in the Dagshai heat
Now we'll beat the drums no more

And the Colonel stood before his troops
Those men who mutineed
He told them of those honours won
But the men stood in the blazing sun
Saying we'll fight your wars no more
For cannon fodder we had been
For the French at Waterloo at Suvla and Sud Elbar
We fought your every bloody war
And we'll fight you wars to more

And the drums they were a beating time
While the pipes did loudly play
When Daly died, the drums did beat
That morning in the Dagshai heat
Now we'll beat the drums no more

Those men got penal servitude
And Daly's condemned to die
Far from his home in Tyrellpass
This young man's died in Ireland's cause
Far from his native land

And the drums they were a beating time
While the pipes did loudly play
When Daly died, the drums did beat
That morning in the Dagshai heat
Now we'll beat the drums no more

While you honour in song and in story
The names of the patriot men
Whose valour has covered with glory
Full many a mountain and glen
Forget not the boys of the heather
Who marshalled their bravest and best
When Ireland was broken in Wexford
And looked for revenge in the West

I give you the gallant old West, boys
Where rallied our bravest and best
When Ireland was broken and bleeding
Hurrah for the men of the West

The hilltops with glory were glowing
'Twas the eve of a bright harvest day
When the ships we'd been wearily waiting
Sailed into Killala's broad bay
And over the hill went the slogan
To waken in every breast
The fire that has never been quenched, boys
Among the true hearts of the West

I give you the gallant old West, boys
Where rallied our bravest and best
When Ireland was broken and bleeding
Hurrah for the men of the West

Killala was ours ere the midnight
And high over Ballina town
Our banners in triumph were waving
Before the next sun had gone down
We gathered to speed the good work, boys
The true men anear and afar
And history can tell how we routed
The redcoats through old Castlebar

I give you the gallant old West, boys
Where rallied our bravest and best
When Ireland was broken and bleeding
Hurrah for the men of the West

I wished I had you in Carrickfergus,
Only for nights in Ballygrand,
I would swim over the deepest ocean,
The deepest ocean to be by your side.

But the sea is wide and I can't swim over
And neither have I wings to fly.
I wish I could find me a handy boatman
To ferry me over to my love and die.

My childhood days bring back sad reflections
Of happy days so long ago.
My boyhood friends and my own relations.
Have all passed on like the melting snow.

So I'll spend my days in endless roving,
Soft is the grass and my bed is free.
Oh to be home now in Carrickfergus,
On the long road down to the salty sea.

And in Kilkenny it is reported
On marble stone there as black as ink,
With gold and silver I did support her
But I'll sing no more now till I get a drink.

I'm drunk today and I'm rarely sober,
A handsome rover from town to town.
Oh but I am sick now and my days are numbered
Come all ye young men and lay me down.

Well Charlie's nan's a provo with a beret and a gun
I haven't seen him lately, he's always on the run
He looks so really trendy with his shades and DM boots
Far cooler than those other dads in ties and shirts and suits

The Brits and police all ask me each time that I go out
They ask me if I've seen me dad and if he's been about
I say mind your own business, just leave me alone
You shower are only jealous you've no fathers of your own

Well Charlie's nan's a provo with a beret and a gun
I haven't seen him lately, he's always on the run
He looks so really trendy with his shades and DM boots
Far cooler than those other dads in ties and shirts and suits

On RTE last Friday night a chap came on to say
Please give us information about the I.R.A
He showed a provo unit as cruel as he could be
I know one was me daddy cause he stopped and waved at me

Well Charlie's nan's a provo with a beret and a gun
I haven't seen him lately, he's always on the run
He looks so really trendy with his shades and DM boots
Far cooler than those other dads in ties and shirts and suits

Me da has got me worried I think he's going soft
There's half a ton of fertilizer stored up in the loft
Are you gonna be a farmer da' I ask him just for fun
He said don't be an idiot pass the coffee grinder son

Well Charlie's nan's a provo with a beret and a gun
I haven't seen him lately, he's always on the run
He looks so really trendy with his shades and DM boots
Far cooler than those other dads in ties and shirts and suits

At Christmas time its lonely, me da' is not at home
The police are watching everywhere, they've even tapped the phone
Last Christmas Eve they staked out all our windows and our doors
Then climbing down our chimney came a Provo Santa Claus

Well Charlie's nan's a provo with a beret and a gun
I haven't seen him lately, he's always on the run
He looks so really trendy with his shades and DM boots
Far cooler than those other dads in ties and shirts and suits

Me da' is up in Long Kush To me it's just not right
I say a special prayer for him when I go to bed at night
Today it was his birthday I sent him in a cake
With Semtex in the candles he'll be out before I wake

You've heard about the B-men the cruel RUC
You've heard about the Black and Tans in bygone history
But theres another regiment the devil calls his own
Theyre known as the Black Watch commisioned by the throne

Strolling down the Falls Road with riot guns and gas
Terrorising women as they're coming out of mass
A bunch of Scottish critters we never will forget
Thank God we know the IRA sure arent beaten yet

These soldiers come from Scotland a place you all know well
From the hardest part of Glasgow the teddy boys do dwell
They're given a British uniform they're given a British gun
They joined a British regiment to have themselves some fun

When I grow up and marry and have a little son
Ill tell him of the regiment the terrible things they've done
And when that he grows older becomes a man like me
He'll become a volunteer and set old Ireland free

The night was dark and the fight was ended
The moon shone down O'Connell Street
I stood alone where brave men perished
They're gone, they're gone, their God to meet

My only son was shot in Dublin
Fighting for his country bold
He fought for Ireland and Ireland's glory
The harp, the shamrock, green white and gold

The worst I met was a dying rebel
Bending o'er, I heard him say
"God bless me home in dear Cork City
God bless the cause for which I die"

My only son was shot in Dublin
Fighting for his country bold
He fought for Ireland and Ireland's glory
The harp, the shamrock, green white and gold

The next I met was a fair-haired maiden
Kneeling by her lover's side
She prayed to God, her heavenly father
That in his footsteps that she might climb

My only son was shot in Dublin
Fighting for his country bold
He fought for Ireland and Ireland's glory
The harp, the shamrock, green white and gold

The next I met was a grey-haired father
Searching for his only son
I said, "My man, there's no use searching
For up to heaven your son has gone"

My only son was shot in Dublin
Fighting for his country bold
He fought for Ireland and Ireland's glory
The harp, the shamrock, green white and gold

And it’s down along the Falls Road is where I long to be
Lying in the dark with a provo company
A comrade on me left and another one on me right
A clip of ammunition for me little Armalite

I was stopped by a soldier, he said “You are a swine”
He hit me with his rifle and he kicked me in the groin
I begged and i pleaded, all my manners were polite
But all the time I’m thinking of me little Armalite

And it’s down in the Bogside is where I long to be
Lying in the dark with a provo company
A comrade on me left and another one on me right
A clip of ammunition for me little Armalite

Well this brave RUC man came marching up our street
Six hundred British soldiers he had lined up at his feet
“Come out you cowardly fenians, come on out and fight”
He cried “I’m only joking” when he heard the Armalite

And it’s down in Bellaghy is where I long to be
Lying in the dark with a provo company
A comrade on me left and another one on me right
A clip of ammunition for me little Armalite

Well the army came to visit me, it was in the early hours
With Saracens and Saladins and Ferret armoured cars
They thought they had me cornered, but I gave them all a fright
With the armour piercing bullets of me little Armalite

And it’s down in the New Lodge is where I long to be
Lying in the dark with a provo company
A comrade on me left and another one on me right
A clip of ammunition for me little Armalite

Well when Pryor came to Belfast to see the battles won
The generals they had told him “We’ve got them on the run”
But corporals and privates while on patrol at night
Say “Remember Narrow Water and the bloody Armalite”

And it’s down in Crossmaglen is where I long to be
Lying in the dark with a provo company
A comrade on me left and another one on me right
A clip of ammunition for me little Armalite

As down the Glen came McAlpine's men with their shovels slung behind them.
It was in the pub that they drank their sub or down in the spike you'll find them.
We sweated blood and we washed down mud with quarts and pints of beer.
But now we're on the road again with McAlpine's Fusiliers.

I stripped to the skin with Darky Finn down upon the Isle of Grain,
With Horseface Toole I learned the rule, no money if you stop for rain.
For McAlpine's god is a well filled hod with your shoulders cut to bits and seared
And woe to he who looks for tea with McAlpines Fusiliers.

I remember the day that the Bear O'Shea fell into a concrete stair,
What Horseface said, when he saw him dead, well it wasn't what the rich call prayers.
"I'm a navy short," was his one retort that reached unto my ears,
When the going is rough, well you must be tough, with McAlpine's Fusiliers.

I've worked till the sweat near had me beat with Russian, Czech and Pole,
At shuttering jams up in the Hydro Dams, or underneath the Thames in a hole,
I grafted hard and I got me cards and many a ganger's fist across me ears.
If you pride your life, don't join, by Christ, with McAlpine's Fusiliers.

Say hello to the Provos, say hello to the brave,
Say hello to the Provos and Ireland shall be saved.

Well it all happened in 71,
When Internment had begun,
And we were taken by the point of a gun,
Remember, we shall remember.

Now many a battle has been fought and won,
Many a home has lost a son,
Long Kesh's gates shall soon be undone,
Remember, we shall remember.

The UFF and the SAS
Assassinations at their best,
Innocent people they put ot their deaths,
Remember, we shall remember.

Daithi O'Connell we honour your name,
Those British patrols you put them to shame,
For Stormont's downfall you were to blame,
Remember, we shall remember.

So put your faith in the Provos, put your faith in the brave,
Put your faith in the Provos and Ireland shall be saved.

In a dimly lit room by the smoldering fire
Sat an old man so lonely, so sad, and so tired
Once he struggled for freedom, now he struggles to live
With his few small possessions and his past to relive

There's a faded old picture on the wall all alone
A dusty old picture, the pride of his home
With a harp and a shamrock, with these words underneath
"Ireland unfree shall never be at peace"

And his thoughts wander back to the days of his prime
Oh it seems now there's nothing goes faster than time
To his comrades of old, he remembers the day
When he marched behind Pearse, and the bold IRA

There's a faded old picture on the wall all alone
A dusty old picture, the pride of his home
With a harp and a shamrock, with these words underneath
"Ireland unfree shall never be at peace"

And it's to Easter week and his thoughts wander back
Oh those leaders of men sure no courage did lack
But now he's just left with his memories of old
For his name, nor his story will ever be told

There's a faded old picture on the wall all alone
A dusty old picture, the pride of his home
With a harp and a shamrock, with these words underneath
"Ireland unfree shall never be at peace"

He gazed at the picture and he gave a sad smile
For each wrinkle and line told a struggle of time
Then he gazed once again and his eyes filled with tears
For the man in that picture was his friend Patrick Pearse

There's a faded old picture on the wall all alone
A dusty old picture, the pride of his home
With a harp and a shamrock, with these words underneath
"Ireland unfree shall never be at peace"

There's a sacred spot in Dublin,
A place called Arbour Hill.
Where sleeps our noble martyrs
But their message rings out still.

To you their message is calling
As it did that Easter day
When they flew the flag of freedom
And proclaimed the I.R.A.

They marched the men in Dublin,
And for Ireland struck a blow.
They cherished it and raised the flag
Over Dublin's G.P.O.

Traitors tried to sell the cause,
And traitors they may be,
For Pearse had only one in mind,
Old Ireland's liberty.

They followed Tone and Emmet,
And faced a martyrs grave,
We then must take their message,
If our nation we must save.

Six counties still subjected,
And are held by Britain still,
So wake up and show devotion,
To the men of Arbour Hill.

Farewell to  Bellaghy, likewise Tamlaghtduff,
And the green hills of Derry that I dearly love,
My thoughts return to you from my dark H-Block cell,
So friends and brave comrades, I bid you farewell

For hundreds of years now we've kept up the fight
and the history books told us of Ireland's plight
so with gallant Francis I followed the call
To conquer the tyrants and defy England's laws. 

Farewell to  Bellaghy, likewise Tamlaghtduff,
And the green hills of Derry that I dearly love,
My thoughts return to you from my dark H-Block cell,
So friends and brave comrades, I bid you farewell

Through the hills of south Derry we marched and we drilled,
To our exploits in action all Irish youth thrilled,
The most feared men in Ulster, volunteers on the run,
We give England our answer from the barrels of our guns.

Farewell to  Bellaghy, likewise Tamlaghtduff,
And the green hills of Derry that I dearly love,
My thoughts return to you from my dark H-Block cell,
So friends and brave comrades, I bid you farewell

Oh gallant south Derry you are forever blessed,
In the struggle for freedom you have given your best,
There's Hughes and there's Bateson, Sheridan and Leigh,
And inscribed with their names now brave Tom McElwee

Oh Donegal the pride of all my heart
still turns to thee in me cottage home
where oft I did roam when I was young and free
Big houses ground on foreign
land they can't compare t'all with me
cottage bright on a winter's night
in the hills of Donegal Right well
I mind in the harvest time a doleful dreary day
when leaving all in Donegal I wandered far away
In creshla town my friends stood 'round
I bid farewell to all
and I waved my hand to my own dear land
and the hills of Donegal
When gazing back trough Botners Gap
but my own native hills again
I thought no shame for who could blame
'twas there I cried my fill
My parents kind ran in my mind
my friends and comrades
all but I heard a sigh
and I waved goodbye to the hills of Donegal
Oh gragh machree I longed to see
my own native hills again
on a foreign shore my heart is sore
with exile longing pain could I but see
those mountains free
'twould compensate for all & I'd live
as my poor fathers lived in the hills of Donegal

'Twas down by the glenside
I met an old woman
a pluckin' young nettles
she ne'er saw me comin'

I listened a while t
o the song she was hummin'
Glory-O, Glory O to the Bold Fenian Men

When I was a young girl
their marchin & Drillin
awoke in the glen sound
awesome & thrillin
they loved poor old Ireland
& to die they were willin
Glory-O, Glory O to the Bold Fenian Men

It's 50 long years
since I saw the moon beamin
on strong manly forms
& on eyes with hope gleamin
sure I seen them again
through all my day dreamin
Glory-O, Glory O to the Bold Fenian Men
I passed on my way
God be praised that I met her
Be life long or short sure
I'll never forget her
we may have great men
but we'll never have better
Glory-O, Glory O to the Bold Fenian Men

Rise up the starry plough in James Connolly's name
Rise up the starry plough for his glory and his fame
He joined the transport union , so workers could be free
He fought for Irish freedom, for the likes of you and me

James Connolly came from Scotland , a rebel to the core
He wanted not just freedom , but socialism and more
He said when we gain our freedom , from England's cruel hands
We'll have to fight the bankers , we'll have to make a stand

Rise up the starry plough in James Connolly's name
Rise up the starry plough for his glory and his fame
He joined the transport union , so workers could be free
He fought for Irish freedom, for the likes of you and me

He held his life for liberty in the GPO
He held his life for freedom , and he would not let it go
Well the Brits, they bombarded them and they smashed them brick by brick
He held his life for freedom, and the socialist republic

Rise up the starry plough in James Connolly's name
Rise up the starry plough for his glory and his fame
He joined the transport union , so workers could be free
He fought for Irish freedom, for the likes of you and me

Connolly is a hero , and they shot him in a chair
They took him from the hospital, and those who were there
Well they set his lips on fire, on that Easter morn
As the bullet pierced his heart, an Irish martyr was born

What will his legacy be, now in this land of mine
Where nothing has a reason, and little has a rhyme
We fought the yeos in Wexford , we drove out the Black and Tans
Now we fight the bankers, and their greasy hands

Rise up the starry plough in James Connolly's name
Rise up the starry plough for his glory and his fame
He joined the transport union , so workers could be free
He fought for Irish freedom, for the likes of you and me

Though not born in Ireland I loved her dear lands
Her beauty, Her people, Her freedoms demands
I settled in Belfast but suffered the pain
Of seeing friends beaten tortured and maimed
I vowed that one day I would make England pay
And take up the fight in the time honoured way

I trained and I drilled , I nurtured the plan
To strike at the heart of a cruel tyrants land
We set forth to England , my comrade & me
To play our own part & to set Ireland free
We gave of our best & we stuck to our task
So remember our courage is all that we ask

Time thunders by but memories won't fade
Of these two volunteers of the Belfast Brigade
Patricia & Frankie we'll remember with pride
We honour your names, you stand side by side
Twenty years on, we salute you again
Martyrs for Ireland you'll forever remain

We may not have met you but that matters none
We'll never forget one of Ireland's brave Sons
You inspired generations to keep up the fight
"You led by example", they knew you were right
You lie among Heroes in Milltown today
The last resting place for the Bold IRA

So go to sleep my weary Provo let the time go drifting by
Cant you hear the bullets humming thats a Provos lullaby

Well I know your clothes are worn and tattered
And your hair its turning slightly grey
Some day youll die and go to heaven
Youll find peace again some day

So go to sleep my weary Provo let the time go drifting by
Cant you hear the bullets humming thats a Provos lullaby

Well I know the peelers give you trouble
Sure they cause trouble everywhere
Some day youll die and go to heaven
They'll be no black bastards (RUC) over there

So go to sleep my weary Provo let the time go drifting by
Cant you hear the bullets humming thats a Provos lullaby

Marchin' down O'Connell Street with the Starry Plough on high
There goes the Citizen Army with their fists raised in the sky
Leading them is a mighty man with a mad rage in his eye
"My name is James Connolly - I didn't come here to die
But to fight for the rights of the working man and the small farmer too
To protect the proletariat from the bosses and their screws
So hold on to your rifles, boys, don't give up your dream
Of a Republic for the working class, economic liberty."

Then Jem yelled out "Oh Citizens, this system is a curse
An English boss is a monster, An Irish one even worse
They'll never lock us out again and here is the reason why:
My name is James Connolly - I didn't come here to die ..."

And now we're in the GPO with the bullets whizzin' by
With Pearse and Sean McDermott biddin' each other goodbye
Up steps our citizen leader and he roars out to the sky
"My name is James Connolly - I didn't come here to die ...

Oh Lillie, I don't want to die, we've got so much to live for
And I know we're all goin' out to get slaughtered, but I just can't take any more
Just the sight of one more child screamin' from hunger in a Dublin slum
Or his mother slavin' 14 hour days for the scum
Who exploit her and take her youth and throw it on a factory floor
Oh Lillie, I just can't take any more

They've locked us out, banned our unions, they even treat their animals better than us
No! It's far better to die like a man than to live forever like some slave on your knees, Lillie

But don't let them wrap any green flag around me
And, for god's sake, don't let them bury me in some field full of harps and shamrocks
And whatever you do, don't let them make a martyr out of me
No! Rather rise the Starry Plough on high and sing a song of freedom
Here's to you, Lillie, the rights of man and international revolution."

We fought them to a standstill while the flames lit up the sky
'Til a bullet pierced our leader and we gave up the fight
They shot him in Kilmainham Jail but they'll never stop his cry
"My name is James Connolly, I didn't come here to die."

An Ulster man I am proud to be
From the Antrim glens I come
And though I've laboured by the sea
I have followed fife and drum
I have heard the martial tramp of men
I've seen them fight and die
Ah! Lads it's well I remember when
I followed Henry Joy

I dragged my boat in from the shore
And I hid my sails away
I hung my nets upon a tree
And I scanned the moonlit bay
The boys were out, the red coats too
I kissed my love good-bye
And in the shade of the greenwood glade
I followed Henry Joy

It was for Ireland's cause we fought
For home and sire, we bled
'Though our numbers were few, our hearts were true
And five to one lay dead
And many a lassie mourned her lad
And mother mourned her boy
For youth was strong in the daring throng
That followed Henry Joy

In Belfast town, they built a tree
And the redcoats mustered there
I saw him come as the beat of a drum
Rolled out in the barrack square
He kissed his sister, went aloft
And waved a last good-bye
My God he died, I turned and I cried
They have murdered Henry Joy

As I roved out this mornin',
where the ship at anchor lays
to cammand a band of navies,
that I was to engage
well I thought I'd stop in for a drink
before I went away
for to take a trip on an emmigrant ship
to the shores of Botany Bay

Farewell to your bricks and morter,
farewell to your dirty lies
farewell to your gangers and gangplanks,
farewell to your overtime
for the good ship "Ragamuffin"
is standin' at the key
for to take out Pat with a shovel on his back
to the shores of Botany Bay

Well the boss came down this morning',
he said, "Well Pat you know?"
"If you don't get your navies out
I afraid you'll have to go"
so I asked him for my wages
and demanded all my pay
and I told him straight I was going to emmigrate
to the shores of Botany Bay

Farewell to your bricks and morter,
farewell to your dirty lies
farewell to your gangers and gangplanks,
farewell to your overtime
for the good ship "Ragamuffin"
is standin' at the key
for to take out Pat with a shovel on his back
to the shores of Botany Bay

And when I reach Austrailia,
I'll go and dig for gold
there's plenty there for diggin' of
or so I have been told
or else I'll go back to my trade
and a hundred bricks I'll lay
for I work all day for eight hours pay
on the shores of Botany Bay

Farewell to your bricks and morter,
farewell to your dirty lies
farewell to your gangers and gangplanks,
farewell to your overtime
for the good ship "Ragamuffin"
is standin' at the key
for to take out Pat with a shovel on his back
to the shores of Botany Bay

Oh good evening, all my jolly lads, I'm glad to find you well
And when you'll gather round me a story I will tell
For I've got a situation and begorrah and begob
I can whisper all the weekly wage of nineteen bob

'Tis twelve months come October since I left me native home
After helping them Killarney boys to bring the harvest down
But now I wear the gansey and around me waist a belt
I'm the gaffer of the squad that makes the hot asphalt

Well, we laid it in a hollows and we laid it in the flat
And if it doesn't last forever, sure I swear, I'll eat me hat
Well, I've wandered up and down the world and sure I never felt
Any surface that was equal to the hot asphalt

The other night a copper comes and he says to me, McGuire
Would you kindly let me light me pipe down at your boiler fire?
And he planks himself right down in front, with hobnails up, till late
And says I, me decent man, you'd better go and find your bait

He ups and yells, I'm down on you, I'm up to all yer pranks
Don't I know you for a traitor from the Tipperary ranks?
Boys, I hit straight from the shoulder and I gave him such a belt
That I knocked him into the boiler full of hot asphalt

Well, we laid it in a hollows and we laid it in the flat
And if it doesn't last forever, sure I swear, I'll eat me hat
Well, I've wandered up and down the world and sure I never felt
Any surface that was equal to the hot asphalt

Oh we quickly pulled him out again and we threw him in the tub
And with soap and warm water we began to rub and scrub
But devil the thing, it hardened and it turned him hard as stone
And with every other rub, sure you could hear the copper moan

I'm thinking, says O'Reilly, that he's lookin' like old Nick
And burn me if I am not inclined to claim him with me pick
Now, says I, it would be easier to boil him till he melts
And to stir him nice and easy in the hot asphalt

Well, we laid it in a hollows and we laid it in the flat
And if it doesn't last forever, sure I swear, I'll eat me hat
Well, I've wandered up and down the world and sure I never felt
Any surface that was equal to the hot asphalt

With rubbing and with scrubbing, sure I caught me death of cold
For scientific purposes, me body it was sold
In the Kelvin grove museum, me boys, I'm hangin' in me pelt
As a monument to the Irish, making hot asphalt

Well, we laid it in a hollows and we laid it in the flat
And if it doesn't last forever, sure I swear, I'll eat me hat
Well, I've wandered up and down the world and sure I never felt
Any surface that was equal to the hot asphalt

I've travelled many counties in Ireland
But there's still one I'm longing to see.
It has been a part of my homeland
And it brings back fond memories to me,

Where I wandered alone in my childhood
Reviewing the sights I once seen,
As I walked through the parks and the forests
'Round the beautiful county of Meath.

CHORUS: Oh, beautiful Meath,
you've got all that I need. Y
our rivers they flow with delight.
Your fields are so green,
there's plains to be seen,
And your towns are so gay and so bright.

Fishing down on the Boyne,
I remember the time
You would think it was all just a dream;
And wherever you roam,
there's no place like home
And the beautiful county of Meath.

I've seen its beautiful castles,
And its history I've learned so well.
I've read of the high kings of Tara
And the wonderful book of Kells.

Where the slain still remember St. Patrick,
He lit a fire for the people to see,
'Ere he brought love and kindness to Ireland
And the beautiful county of Meath.

On a Monday morning early 
As my wand'ring steps did lead me, 
Down by a farmer's station, 
Of meadow and green lawn, 
I heard great lamentation 
That the wee birds they were makin' 
Sayin' "We'll have no more engagements 
With the boys of Mullaghbawn." 

Squire Jackson was un equalled 
For honour or for reason, 
He never turned a traitor 
Or betrayed the rights of man, 
But now we are endangered 
By a vile deceiving stranger 
Who has ordered deportation 
For the Boys of Mullachbawn. 

As those heroes crossed the ocean 
I'm told the ship in motion 
Did stand in wild commotion 
As if the seas ran dry, 
The trout and salmon gaping 
As the cuckoo left her station 
Sayin', "Farewell to lovely Erin 
And the hills of Mullaghbawn. 

To end my lamentation 
We are all in consternation 
For the want of education 
I here must end my song; 
None cares for recreation 
Since without consideration 
We are sent for transportation 
From the hills of Mullachbawn.

‘Twas on a dreary New Year’s day as the shades of night came down
A lorry load of volunteers approached a Border town
They were men from Dublin and from Cork, Fermanagh and Tyrone
But the leader was a Limerick man, Sean South of Garryowen

And as they moved along the street up to the barrack door
They scorned the danger they would meet, the fate that lay in store
They were fighting for old Ireland’s cause, to claim our very own
And the foremost of that gallant band was South of Garryowen

But the sergeant foiled their daring plan, he spied them thro’ the door
Then the sten guns and the rifles, a hail of death did pour
And when that awful night was past, two men were cold as stone
There was one from near the Border and one from Garryowen

No more he’ll hear the seagull cry o’er the murmuring Shannon tide
For he fell beneath the Northern sky, brave Hanlon at his side
He has gone to join that gallant band of Plunkett, Pearse and Tone.
A martyr for old Ireland, Sean South of Garryowen

I'll tell me ma when I come home
the boys won't leave the girls alone
they pull me hair and stole my comb
well that's alright till I come home
She is handsome she is pretty
she's the belle of Belfast city
she's a courtin' one two three
please won't you tell me who is she

Albert Mooney says he loves her
all the boys are fightin' for her
knock at the door and ring at the bell
tell me oh you true love "are you well"
out she comes as white as snow
rings on her fingers bells on her toes
old Johnny Murray say's she'll die
if she doesn't get the fellow with the roving eye

I'll tell me ma when I come home
the boys won't leave the girls alone
they pull me hair and stole my comb
well that's alright till I come home
She is handsome she is pretty
she's the belle of Belfast city
she's a courtin' one two three
please won't you tell me who is she

Let the wind and the rain and the hail blow high
the snow come tumblin' from the sky
she's as fine as apple pie
she'll get own own love by and by
when she gets a lad of her own
she won't tell her mom when she comes home
let them all come as you will
it's Albert Mooney she loves still

I'll tell me ma when I come home
the boys won't leave the girls alone
they pull me hair and stole my comb
well that's alright till I come home
She is handsome she is pretty
she's the belle of Belfast city
she's a courtin' one two three
please won't you tell me who is she

So my song for you this evening,
it's not to make you sad
Not for adding to the sorrows
of this troubled northern land
But lately I've been thinking
and it just won't leave my mind
To tell you of two friends one time
They were both good friends of mine

Alan Bell from Banagh,
he lived just across the fields
A great man for the music,
and the dancing and the reels
O'Malley came from South Armagh
to court young Alice fair
And we often meet on the Ryan Road
and laughter filled the air

There were roses, roses
There were roses
And the tears of the people ran together

Though Alan he was Protestant
and Sean was Catholic born
It never made a difference,
for the friendship it was strong
And sometimes in the evening
when we heard the sound of drums
We said it won't divide us,
we will always be the one

For the ground our fathers plowed in,
the soil it is the same
And the places where we say our prayers
have just got different names
We talked about the friends who'd died
and we hoped there'd be no more
It's little then we realized the tragedy in store

There were roses, roses
There were roses
And the tears of the people ran together

It was on a Sunday morning
when the awful news came round
Another killing has been done
just outside Newry Town
We knew that Alan danced up there,
we knew he liked the band
But when we heard that he was dead
we just could not understand

We gathered at the graveside
on that cold and rainy day
And the minister he closed his eyes
and he prayed for no revenge
And all the ones who knew him
from along the Ryan Road
Then bowed our heads and said a prayer
for the resting of his soul

There were roses, roses
There were roses
And the tears of the people ran together

Well fear it filled the countryside
there was fear in every home
When the car of death came
prowling round the lonely Ryan Road
A Catholic would be killed tonight
to even up the score
Oh Christ it's young O'Malley
that they've taken from the door

Alan was my friend! he cried,
he begged them with his fear
But centuries of hatred
have ears that can not hear
An eye for an eye, was all that filled their minds
And another eye for another eye
till everyone is blind

There were roses, roses
There were roses
And the tears of the people ran together

So my song for you this evening,
it's not to make you sad
Not for adding to the sorrows
of this troubled northern land
But lately I've been thinking
and it just won't leave my mind
To tell you of two friends one time
They were both good friends of mine

I don't know where the moral is
or where this song should end
But I wonder just how many wars
are fought between good friends
And those who give the orders
are not the ones to die
It's Bell and O'Malley
and the likes of you and I

There were roses, roses
There were roses
And the tears of a people ran together
There were roses, roses
There were roses....

You true-born sons of Erin´s Isle, come listen to my song, 
My tale is one of sorrow but I won´t detail you long, 
Concerning the murderous outrage that took place in Dublin Town 
When a cowardly regiment was let loose to shoot our people down. 

On the 26th of July, the truth I´ll tell to you, 
The Irish Volunteers all swore their enemies to subdue, 
They marched straight out to Howth and soon the people were alarmed 
When they heard the glorious new Pur Irish Volunteers are armed. 

The crowds they all kept cheering on as our brave defenders passed 
But their cheers were stopped by an outrage which for some time did last. 
Our gallant men, the Volunteers, were met in front and rear, 
By the King´s Own Scottish cowards who are doomed for everywhere. 

God save our gallant Captain Judge, the hero of the band 
Who nearly gave his precious life for the just cause of our land 
In spite of terrible injuries and weak from loss of blood, 
He fondly hugged his rifle grand the prize of his brotherhood 

Next in the list of heroes is the scout so well renowned, 
With the butt end of his rifle felled a Borderer to the ground, 
He disarmed him of his weapons and soon made his escape, 
By climbing a wall in Fairview, for his young life was at stake. 

The Dublin Police were ordered the Volunteers for to subdue, 
But O´neill and Gleeson boldly replied: "Such a thing we decline to do. 
For the fight against our countrymen would on us put a stain, 
For we wish to see our native land a Nation Once Again." 

On Bachelor´s Walk a scene took place, which I´m sure had just been planned. 
For the cowardly Scottish Borderers turned and fired without command. 
With bayonets fixed they charged the crowd and left them in their gore, 
But their deeds will be remembered in Irish hearts for evermore. 

God rest the souls of those who sleep apart from earthly sin, 
Including Mrs. Duffy, James Brennan and Patrick Quinn; 
But we will yet avenge them and the time will surely come, 
That we´ll make the Scottish Borderers pay for the cowardly deeds they've done

At Easter time, nineteen-sixteen
When flowers bloomed and leaves were green
There dawned a day when freedom's cry
Called out brave men to fight and die

They were the men with a vision, the men with a cause
The men who defied their oppressor's laws
The men who traded their chains for guns
Born into slav'ry, they were Freedom's Sons

In Dublin town, they fought and died
With Pearse, McDermott and McBride
"Ourselves alone!" their battle cry
And freedom sang to the Easter sky

They were the men with a vision, the men with a cause
The men who defied their oppressor's laws
The men who traded their chains for guns
Born into slav'ry, they were Freedom's Sons

A poet's dream had sparked a flame
A raging fire, it soon became
And from that fire of destiny
There rose a nation proud and free

They were the men with a vision, the men with a cause
The men who defied their oppressor's laws
The men who traded their chains for guns
Born into slav'ry, they were Freedom's Sons

Six counties are in bondage still
They died brave men, was this their will?
When they are free and oppressions cease
Only then brave men can rest in peace

They were the men with a vision, the men with a cause
The men who defied their oppressor's laws
The men who traded their chains for guns
Born into slav'ry, they were Freedom's Sons

Make way for the Molly Maguires
They're drinkers, they're liars but they're men
Make way for the Molly Maguires
You'll never see the likes of them again

Down the mines no sunlight shines
Those pits they're black as hell
In modest style they do their time
It's Paddy's prison cell
And they curse the day they've travelled far
Then drown their tears with a jar

So make way for the Molly Maguires
They're drinkers, they're liars but they're men
Make way for the Molly Maguires
You'll never see the likes of them again

Backs will break and muscles ache
Down there there's no time to dream
Of fields and farms, of womans arms
Just dig that bloody seam
Though they drain their bodies underground
Who'll dare to push them around

So make way for the Molly Maguires
They're drinkers, they're liars but they're men
Make way for the Molly Maguires
You'll never see the likes of them again

So make way for the Molly Maguires
They're drinkers, they're liars but they're men
Make way for the Molly Maguires
You'll never see the likes of them again

Oh the Empire it is finished
No foreign lands to seize
So the greedy eye of England
I stirring towards the seas
Two hundred miles from Donegal
There's a place that's called Rockall
And the groping hands of Whitehall
Are grabbing at it's walls. 

Oh rock on Rockall you'll never fall
For Britains greedy hands
Oh you'll meet the same resistance
Like you did in many lands
May the Seagulls rise and pluck your eyes
And the water crush your shell
And the natural gas will burn your ass
And blow you all to hell 

This rock is part of Ireland
For it's written in folklore
When Finn McCool took a sod of grass
He threw it to the fore
When he tossed a pebble across the sea
Where ever did it fall
For the sod became the Isle of Man
Now the pebble's called Rockall

Oh rock on Rockall you'll never fall
For Britains greedy hands
Oh you'll meet the same resistance
Like you did in many lands
May the Seagulls rise and pluck your eyes
And the water crush your shell
And the natural gas will burn your ass
And blow you all to hell 

Oh the seas will not be silent
While Britannia grabs the waves
And remember that the Irish
Will no longer be your slaves
And remember that Britannia well
She rules the waves no more
So keep your hands off Rockall
It's Irish to the core.

I was walking down by Island bridge, just doing as I pleased
This April day the sun was warm, there was but a gentle breeze
I wandered up the old stone steps into Phoenix Park
To watch the children laugh and play in the hours before the dark

I strolled up by the monument and lay down on the ground
Then people started crying when they heard the battle sound
I don’t know what came over me, but for a moment I could hear
The echo of a soldier’s voice that kept calling in my ear

Meet me at the Pillar son, meet me there at noon
I need you brave young Irishmen, there is something we must do
Meet me at the Pillar son, still it’s not too late
It’s time to sing a Freedom’s song, come soon I cannot wait

I turned around to see this man, but nobody was there
In the distance I could hear the drums, yet a stillness filled the air
I closed my eyes and in my dreams a soldier I could see
He said his name was Pádraig Pearse, and he kept on calling me

That awful night I lay awake and many times I cried
I could not answer his commands, no matter how I tried
There in the dark I did my best to say a silent prayer
That when they take him to his fate, he’ll know how much I cared

Meet me at the Pillar son, meet me there at noon
I need you brave young Irishmen, there is something we must do
Meet me at the Pillar son, still it’s not too late
It’s time to sing a Freedom’s song, come soon I cannot wait

Let us sing a prisoner's anthem
Let it echo through the cells
All along the halls and landings
Let our hearts and voices swell
Let us sing a prisoner's anthem
Let it echo through the cells
All along the halls and landings
Let our hearts and voices swell

Let us sing a prisoner's anthem
Let it echo through the cells
All along the halls and landings
Let our hearts and voices swell

Well, let us sing of home and loved ones
And the things that keep us sane
Of the friends who will be waitin'
When we all walk free again

 Oh, let us sing a prisoner's anthem
Let it echo through the cells
All along the halls and landings
Let our hearts and voices swell

Well, there's a part that can't be captured
In each woman and in each man
For the spirit cannot be shackled
Although they chain our feet and hands

Oh, let us sing a prisoner's anthem
Let it echo through the cells
All along the halls and landings
Let our hearts and voices swell
So come all ye screws and warders
Don't you think that, that it's a crime?
Although you do your best to break us
We still stand as we do our time

So let us sing a prisoner's anthem
Let it echo through the cells
All along the halls and landings
Let our hearts and voices swell

Oh, let us sing a Prisoners anthem
And let it echo through the cells
All along the halls and landings
Let our hearts and our spirits swell

Lift, McCahir Og, your face
Still brooding over the old disgrace?
That Black Fitzwilliam stormed your place
Drove you to the Fern

Gray said victory was sure
And soon the Firebrand he'd secure
Until he met at Glenmalure
With Fiach MacHugh O'Byrne

Curse and swear, Lord Kildare
Fiach will do, what Fiach will dare
Now Fitzwilliam have a care
Fallen is your star low

Up with halberd, out with sword
On we'll go for by the lord
Fiach MacHugh has given the word
Follow me up to Carlow

See the swords of Glen Imayle
They're flashing over the English pale
See all the children of the Gael
Beneath O'Byrne's banners

Roosters of the fighting stock
Would you let a Saxon cock
Crow out upon, an Irish rock?
Fly up and teach him manners

Curse and swear, Lord Kildare
Fiach will do, what Fiach will dare
Now Fitzwilliam have a care
Fallen is your star low

Up with halberd, out with sword
On we'll go for by the lord
Fiach MacHugh has given the word
Follow me up to Carlow

From Tassagart to Clonmore
There flows a stream of Saxon gore
O great is Rory Og Omore
At sending the loons to Hades

White is sick, Grey is fled
And now for Black Fitzwilliams head
We'll send it over dripping red
To Queen Liza and her ladies

Curse and swear, Lord Kildare
Fiach will do, what Fiach will dare
Now Fitzwilliam have a care
Fallen is your star low

Up with halberd, out with sword
On we'll go for by the lord
Fiach MacHugh has given the word
Follow me up to Carlow

Black is the color
of my true love's hair
her lips are like
some roses fair
she's the sweetest smile
and the gentlest hands
and I love the ground
where on she stands

I love my love
and well she knows
I love the ground
where on she goes
if she on earth no more I'll see
My life will quickly fade away

I'll go to the Clyde
and I'll mourne and weep
for satisfied
I'll never be
I'll write her a letter
just a few short lines
and suffer death a 1000 times

Winter's past and the leaves are green
the time has passed that we have seen
but still I hope the time will come
when she and I will be as one

What's the news, what's the news oh my bold Shelmalier
With your long barrelled guns from the sea
Say what wind from the south brings a messenger here
With the hymn of the dawn for the free
Goodly news, goodly news do I bring youth of Forth
Goodly news shall you hear Bargy man
For the boys march at dawn from the south to the north
Led by Kelly the boy from Killane

Tell me who is the giant with the gold curling hair
He who rides at the head of your band
Seven feet is his height with some inches to spare
And he looks like a king in command
Ah my boys that's the pride of the bold Shelmaliers
'Mongst the greatest of hero's a man
Fling your beavers aloft and give three ringing cheers
For John Kelly the boy from Killane

Enniscorthy's in flames and old Wexford is won
And the Barrow tomorrow we will cross
On a hill o'er the town we have planted a gun
That will batter the gateway to Ross
All the Forth men and Bargy men will march o'er the heath
With brave Harvey to lead in the van
But the foremost of all in the grim gap of death
Will be Kelly the boy from Killane

But the gold sun of freedom grew darkened at Ross
And it set by the Slaney's red waves
And poor Wexford stripped naked, hung high on a cross
With her heart pierced by traitors and slaves
Glory-o, glory-o to her brave sons who died
For the cause of long down trodden man
Glory-o to Mount Leinster's own darling and pride
Dauntless Kelly the boy from Killane

When they heard the call of a cause laid low
They sprang to their guns again,
And the pride of all was the first to fall,
The Glory of our fighting men.
In the days to come, when the pip and drum
You follow in the ways that they knew
When their praise you sin, let the echoes ring
With the memory of Cathal Brugha
 
Brave Liam Lynch on the mountainside
Felll a victim to the foe
And Danny Lacey for Ireland died
in the Glen of Aherlow
Neil Boyle and Quinn fromt the North came down
To stand with the faithful and true
And we'll sing their praise in the freedom days
'Mong the heroes of 22
 
Some fell in the proud red rush of war
And some by the treacherous blow,
Like the martyrs four in Dublin Town,
And the their comrades at Dromboe
And a hundred more in the barrack squares
and by lonely roadsides too
Without fear they died and we speak with pride
of the martyrs of 22
 
They were true to our right, they fought the good fight
and they rest in the peace of God
Lift up your hearts, O brave young men,
And march in the ways they trod.
The cause still calls that called to them
And the task will be only through
When freedom comes to the land we love
By the soldiers of 22.

When I was a maiden fair and young,
On the pleasant banks of Lee,
No bird that in the greenwood sung,
Was half so blithe and free.
My heart ne'er beat with flying feet,
No love sang me his queen,
Till down the glen rode Sarsfield's men,
And they wore the jackets green.

Young Donal sat on his gallant grey
Like a king on a royal seat,
And my heart leaped out on his regal way
To worship at his feet.
O Love, had you come in those colours dressed,
And wooed with a soldier's mein
I'd have laid my head on your throbbing breast
For the sake of your jacket green.

No hoarded wealth did my love own,
Save the good sword that he bore;
But I loved him for himself alone
And the colour bright he wore.
For had he come in England's red
To make me England's queen,
I'd rove the high green hills instead
For the sake of the Irish green.

When William stormed with shot and shell
At the walls of Garryowen,
In the breach of death my Donal fell,
And he sleeps near the Treaty Stone.
That breach the foeman never crossed
While he swung his broadsword keen;
But I do not weep my darling lost,
For he fell in his jacket green.

When Sarsfield sailed away I wept
As I heard the wild ochone.
I felt, then dead as the men who slept
'Neath the fields of Garryowen.
White Ireland held my Donal blessed,
No wild sea rolled between,
Till I would fold him to my breast
All robed in his Irish green.

My soul has sobbed like waves of woe,
That sad o'er tombstones break,
For I buried my heart in his grave below,
For his and for Ireland's sake.
And I cry. "Make way for the soldier's bride
In your halls of death, sad queen
For I long to rest by my true love's side
And wrapped in the folds of green."

I saw the Shannon's purple tide
Roll by the Irish town,
As I stood in the breach by Donal's side
When England's flag went down.
And now it lowers when I seek the skies,
Like a blood red curse between.
I weep, but 'tis not women's sighs
Will raise our Irish green.

Oh, Ireland, said is thy lonely soul,
And loud beats the winter sea,
But sadder and higher the wild waves roll
O'er the hearts that break for thee.
Yet grief shall come to our heartless foes,
And their thrones in the dust be seen,
So, Irish Maids, love none but those
Who wear the jackets green.

I remember the night that he came in from the wintery cold and damp
A giant of a man in an oilskin coat and the bundle that told he was a tramp
He stood at the bar and he called a pint then turned and gazed at the fire
On a night like this to be safe and dry is my one and only desire.

So here's to those that are dead and gone
The friends that I loved dear
And here's to you then I'll bid you adieu
Saying Donegal Danny's been here me boys
Donegal Danny's been here

Then in a voice that was hushed and low he said: Listen I'll tell you a tale
How a man of the sea became a man of the roads and never more will set sail
I've fished out of Howth and Killybegs, Ardglass and Baltimore
But the cruel sea has beaten me and I'll end my days on the shore

So here's to those that are dead and gone
The friends that I loved dear
And here's to you then I'll bid you adieu
Saying Donegal Danny's been here me boys
Donegal Danny's been here

One fateful night in the wind and the rain we set sail from Killybegs town
There were five of us from sweet Donegal and one from County Down
We were fishermen who worked the sea and never counted the cost
But I never thought when that night was done that my fine friends would all be lost

So here's to those that are dead and gone
The friends that I loved dear
And here's to you then I'll bid you adieu
Saying Donegal Danny's been here me boys
Donegal Danny's been here

Then the storm it broke and drove the boat to the rocks about ten miles from shore
As we fought the tide we hoped inside to see our homes once more
Then we struck a rock and holed the bow and all of us knew that she'd go down
So we jumped right into the icy sea and prayed to God we wouldn't drown

But the raging sea was rising still as we struck out for the land
And she fought with all her cruelty to claim that gallant band
By St John's Point in the early dawn I dragged myself on the shore
And I cursed the sea for what she'd done and vowed to sail her never more

So here's to those that are dead and gone
The friends that I loved dear
And here's to you then I'll bid you adieu
Saying Donegal Danny's been here me boys
Donegal Danny's been here

Ever since that night I've been on the road travelling and trying to forget
That awful night I lost all my friends I see their faces yet
And often at night when the sea is high and the rain is tearing at my skin
I hear the cries of drowning men floating over on the wind

So here's to those that are dead and gone
The friends that I loved dear
And here's to you then I'll bid you adieu
Saying Donegal Danny's been here me boys
Donegal Danny's been here

I had a true love if ever a girl had one
I had a true love a brave lad was he
One fine Easter Monday with his gallant comrades
He started away for to make Ireland free

For all around my hat I wear a tri-coloured ribbon, oh
All around my hat until death comes to me
And if anybody's asking me why do I wear it
It's all for my own true love I never more will see

He whispered "Goodbye love, old Ireland is calling
High over Dublin our Tri-colour flies
In the streets of the city the foe man is falling
And wee birds are whistling "Old Ireland arise"

For all around my hat I wear a tri-coloured ribbon, oh
All around my hat until death comes to me
And if anybody's asking me why do I wear it
It's all for my own true love I never more will see

In praying and watching the dark hours passed over
The roar of the guns brought no message to me
I prayed for Old Ireland, I prayed for my lover
That he might be safe and Old Ireland be free

For all around my hat I wear a tri-coloured ribbon, oh
All around my hat until death comes to me
And if anybody's asking me why do I wear it
It's all for my own true love I never more will see

The struggle was ended, they brought me the story
The last whispered message he sent unto me
"I was true to my land, love, I fought for her glory
And gave up my life for to make Ireland free"

For all around my hat I wear a tri-coloured ribbon, oh
All around my hat until death comes to me
And if anybody's asking me why do I wear it
It's all for my own true love I never more will see

Many homes are filled with sorrow and with sadness
Many hearts are filled with anguish and with pain
For old Ireland now she hangs her head in mourning
For the men who died at Upton for Sinn Fein

Let the moon shine out along the valley
Where those men who fought for freedom now are lain
May they rest in peace those men who died for Ireland
In the lonely woods of Upton for Sinn Fein

Some were thinking of their mothers, wives and sweethearts
Some were thinking of their dear old Irish home
Did they think of how they drilled along the valley
When they marched out from Cork city to their doom

Let the moon shine out along the valley
Where those men who fought for freedom now are lain
May they rest in peace those men who died for Ireland
In the lonely woods of Upton for Sinn Fein

The warning cry rang out “Fix your bayonets”
And those gallant men they fixed them for the fray
Gallantly they fought and died for dear old Ireland
In the lonely woods of Upton far away

Let the moon shine out along the valley
Where those men who fought for freedom now are lain
May they rest in peace those men who died for Ireland
In the lonely woods of Upton for Sinn Fein

I’m ninety miles from Dublin Town I’m in a H-Block cell
To help you understand my plight this story now I’ll tell
I’m on the Blanket Protest my efforts must not fail
I’m joined by men and women in the Blocks and Armagh Gaol

It all began the morning I was dragged to Castlerea
And though it was three years ago it seems like yesterday
Three days kicked and beaten and then I was forced to sign
Confessions that convicted me of deeds that were not mine

Sentenced in a Diplock court my protest it began
I could not wear that prison gear I became a Blanket Man
I’ll not accept your status I’ll not be criminalised
That’s the issue in the Blocks for which we give our lives

Over there in London how they’d laugh and sneer
If they could only make us wear their loathsome prison gear
Prisoners of War is what we are and that we will remain
The Blanket Protest must not end till our status we regain

I’ve been beaten round the romper room because I won’t say sir
Frogmarched down the landing and pulled back by the hair
I’ve suffered degradation humility and pain
My spirit does not falter your torture is in vain

I’ve been held in scalding water my skin with deck scrubs torn
Scratched and cut from head to foot and thrown out on the floor
Suffered mirror searches probed by drunken bears
I’ve listened to my comrades’ scream and sob their lonely prayers

Now with the news that’s coming in the Protest must not fail
We’ve been joined by thirty women across in Armagh Gaol
Pay attention Irish men and Irish women too
Show the Free State government their silence will not do

Though its ninety miles from Dublin it seems so far away
It’s like we’re getting more support from the USA
Now you’ve heard the story of this living hell
Remember ninety miles away I’m in my H-Block cell

In 1803 we sailed out to sea
Out from the sweet town of Derry
For Australia bound if we didn't all drown
And the marks of our fetters we carried.

In the rusty iron chains we sighed for our wains
As our good wives we left in sorrow.
As the mainsails unfurled our curses we hurled
On the English and thoughts of tomorrow.

Oh Oh Oh Oh I wish I was back home in Derry.
Oh Oh Oh Oh I wish I was back home in Derry.

I cursed them to hell as our bow rode the swell.
Our ship danced like a moth in the firelights.
White horses rode high as the devil passed by
Taking souls to Hades by twilight.

Five weeks out to sea we were now forty-three
Our comrades we buried each morning.
In our own slime we were lost in a time.
Endless night without dawning.

Oh Oh Oh Oh I wish I was back home in Derry.
Oh Oh Oh Oh I wish I was back home in Derry.

Van Dieman's land is a hell for a man
To live out his life in slavery.
When the climate is raw and the gun makes the law.
Neither wind nor rain cares for bravery.

Twenty years have gone by and I've ended me bond
And comrades' ghosts are behind me.
A rebel I came and I'II die the same.
On the cold winds of night you will find me

Oh Oh Oh Oh I wish I was back home in Derry.
Oh Oh Oh Oh I wish I was back home in Derry.

In my memory I will always see the town that I have loved so well
Where our school played ball by the gas yard wall
And we laughed through the smoke and the smell.
Going home in the rain running up the dark lane
Past the jail and down beside the Fountain
Those were happy days in so many many ways
In the town I loved so well.

In the early morn the shirt factory horn
Called the women from Creggan, the Moor and the Bog
While the men on the dole played a mother's role
Fed the children and then walked the dog
And when times got rough there was just about enough
But they saw it through without complaining
For deep inside was a burning pride
In the town I loved so well.

There was music there in the Derry air
Like a language that we could all understand
I remember the day when I earned my first pay
When I played in a small pick-up band
There I spent my youth and to tell you the truth
I was sad to leave it all behind me
There I learned about life and I found a wife
In the town I loved so well:

But when I returned oh my eyes how they burned
To see how a town could be brought to its knees
By the armoured cars and the bombed out bars
And the gas that hangs on to every breeze
Now the army's installed by the old gasyard wall
And the damned barbed wire gets higher and higher
With their tanks and their guns
Oh my God, what have they done
To the town I loved so well.

Now the music's gone but they carry on
For their spirit's been bruised, never broken
They will not forget but their hearts are set
On tomorrow and peace once again
Now what's done is done and what's won is won
And what's lost is lost and gone forever
I can only pray for a bright brand new day
For the town I Iove so well.

Pause a while my friends and listen to what I'm going to tell to you
About the events in Dublin City and the girls of the IDATU
Dunne's stores branch in Henry street was where the trouble first began
That led to the strike, the famous strike
Of ten young women and one young man

At the union conference that year they said we should not compromise
With apartheid, and they voted to boycott all South African merchandise
Karen Guerin, and the Dunne's shop steward, told their mates about the ban
They said "We'll stick by the resolution"
Ten young women and one young man

Mary Manning, from Kilmainham, a twenty one year old cashier
Was put to the test the very next morning and she spoke up loud and clear
"No, I'm afraid, I cannot serve you. That grapefruit's South African
Some of us here are opposed to apartheid"
Ten young women and one young man

Well what a hell of a hullaballoo, the groans and threats and angry cries
The management foaming at the mouth and the suits running round like blue-arsed flies
"You'll sell that fruit or be suspended, we'll tolerate no union ban"
Little did they understand the will
Of ten young women and one young man

Mary Manning got the push, a lass of independent mind
And ten of her workmates came out and her and joined her there on the picket line
For days and weeks and months they stood there held their nerve and kept the ban
Showing the will and determination
Of ten young women and one young man

So here's to the girls of Dublin City who stretched their hands across the sea
That action surely is a lesson in workers' solidarity
Here's to the folk who heed the boycott, won't buy Cape and spurn Outspan
And to the lad who joined the lasses
Ten young women and one young man

When I was a young man I carried me pack
And I lived the free life of the rover.
From the Murry's green basin to the dusty outback,
Well, I waltzed my Matilda all over.
Then in 1915 my country said, "Son,
It's time you stop rambling, there's work to be done."
So they gave me a tin hat and they gave me a gun
And they marched me away to the war.
And the band played Waltzing Matilda,
As the ship pulled away from the quay
And midst all the cheers, flag waving and tears,
We sailed off for Gallipoli

It's well I remember that terrible day,
How our blood stained the sand and the water
And of how in that hell that they called Suvla Bay
We were butchered like lambs at the slaughter.
Johnny Turk, he was ready, he primed himself well.
He rained us with bullets, and showered us with shell,
And in five minutes flat, he'd blown us all to hell,
Nearly blew us back home to Australia.
And the band played Waltzing Matilda,
As we stopped to bury our slain,
and we buried ours, and the Turks buried theirs,
Then we started all over again.

those who were livinge just tried to survive
In that mad world of blood, death and fire.
And for ten weary weeks I kept myself alive
While around me the corpses piled higher.
Then a big Turkish shell knocked me arse over head
And when I awoke in me hospital bed
And saw what it had done, sure I wished I was dead.
I never knew there were worse things than dying.
For I'll go no more Waltzing Matilda,
All around the green bush far and free
To hunt and to pace, a man needs both legs,
No more waltzing Matilda for me.

They collected the crippled, the wounded, the maimed,
And they sent us back home to Australia.
The armless, the legless, the blind and the insane,
Those proud wounded heroes of Suvla.
And when our ship pulled into Circular Quay
I looked at the place where me legs used to be
And thanked Christ there was no one there waiting for me
To grieve, to mourn and to pity.
But the Band played Waltzing Matilda
As they carried us down the gangway,
But nobody cheered, they just stood and stared,
Then they turned all their faces away.

So now every April I sit on my porch
And I watch the parade pass before me.
And I see my old comrades, how proudly they march
Reliving their dreams and past glory,
I see the old men all tired, stiff and sore
Those forgotten heroes from a forgotten war
And the young people ask "What are they marching for?"
And I ask myself the same question.
But the band plays Waltzing Matilda,
And the old men still answer the call,
But year after year, the numbers get fewer
Someday, no one will march there at all.


Waltzing Matilda, Waltzing Matilda.
Who'll come a-Waltzing Matilda with me?
And their ghosts can be heard as they march by the billibong
Who'll come a-Waltzing Matilda with me?

Walking all the day
near tall towers where falcons build their nests
Silver wings they fly,
They know the call for freedom in their breasts,
Saw Black Head against the sky
Where twisted rocks they run down to the sea
Living on your western shore,
Saw summer sun sets, I asked for more,
I stood by your Atlantic Sea,
And I sang a song for Ireland

Drinking all the day,
In old pubs where fiddlers love to play,
Saw one touch the bow,
He played a reel that seamed so grand and gay,
I stood on dingle beach and cast,
In wild foam for Atlantic bass,
Living on your western shore,
Saw summer sunsets, I asked for more,
I stood by your Atlantic Sea,
And sang a song for Ireland

Talking all the day,
With true friends who try to make you stay,
Telling jokes and news,
Singing songs to while the time away,
Watched the galway salmon run,
Like silver dancing, darting in the sun,
living on your western shore,
Saw summer sunsets, I asked for more,
I stood by your Atlantic Sea,
And I sang a song for Ireland

Dreaming in the night,
I saw a land where no-one had to fight,
Waking in your dawn,
I saw you crying in the morning light,
sleeping where the falcons fly,
They twist and turn all in your air-blue sky,
Living on your western shore,
Saw summer sunsets, I asked for more,
I stood by your Atlantic sea,
And I sang a song for Ireland

On the slopes of the Creggan one morning in May, 
Four lads left their base with hearts young and gay,
Their cause was for freedom a cause undenied, 
And that foreign oppressor they went to defy.
While patroling our streets they met with the foe, 
And with guns at the ready our lads had a go.

So we'll raise up our hands and we'll curse that British hand, 
Who tore out the very hearts of men who dared to cross their path, 
But my heart is broke in two, won't you tell me what to do, 
They couldn't stop poor George and Pop and they'll not stop me and you.

For the place it went silent when the shooting died down, 
Two young lads they lay dead on the streets of our town, 
Another two lives lost for the ongoing fight, 
And in Derry were mourned on that fateful night.

So we'll raise up our hands and we'll curse that British hand, 
Who tore out the very hearts of men who dared to cross their path, 
But my heart is broke in two, won't you tell me what to do, 
They couldn't stop poor George and Pop and they'll not stop me and you.

Now Georgie and Pop they lie cold as stone, 
They died fighting for Derry, their own native home, 
So always remember and don't ever forget, 
They died fighting for Ireland and we owe them debt.

So we'll raise up our hands and we'll curse that British hand, 
Who tore out the very hearts of men who dared to cross their path, 
But my heart is broke in two, won't you tell me what to do, 
They couldn't stop poor George and Pop and they'll NEVER stop me and you.

One morning early I walked forth
By the margin of Lough Leane
The sunshine dressed the trees in green
And summer bloomed again
I left the town and wandered on
Through fields all green and gay
And whom should I meet but a colleen sweet
At the dawning of the day

No cap or cloak this maiden wore
Her neck and feet were bare
Down to the grass in ringlets fell
Her glossy golden hair

A milking pail was in her hand
She was lovely, young and gay
She wore the palm from Venus bright
By the dawning of the day

On a mossy bank I sat me down
With the maiden by my side
With gentle words I courted her
And asked her to be my bride
She said, "Young man don't bring me blame"
And swiftly turned away
And the morning light was shining bright
At the dawning of the day

Come, Irish men, I pray tend
And listen to these words I tell,
For I sing of they from a bygone day -
For the brave young lads we all knew well.
Young lads who died that freedom's light
Might shine so bright across the land,
For no braver men has Ireland seen,
Than O'Hara, Hughes, McCreesh and Sands.

Young Irishmen in Ulster born,
Deprived of freedom, work and hope,
Oppressed by brutal racist laws
That grind men down beneath the yoke.
And when the bloodhound comes at night
To terror strike across the land,
With their tanks and guns and poor man's sons,
O'Hara, Hughes, McCreesh and Sands.

And in the hell of an H-block cell,
Where tyrants try to break men's wills,
And boots and bars leave life-long scars,
Those brave men's spirits ne'er did yield.
The words of Christ then came to mind,
Who'd give up his life for his fellow man?
And the volunteers without dread or fear
Were O'Hara, Hughes, McCreesh and Sands.

For three-score days those men they lay
Under Margaret Thatcher's tyranny,
And British churchmen came to say
That no clergyman theirs souls could free.
But far and wide with tears and pride,
Their story was told in distant lands,
So your voices raise; we will sing in praise
Of O'Hara, Hughes, McCreesh and Sands.

Now brave men die and sick men lie
And weak men turn their heads away,
But short is the hour of those in power
Who truth and the rights of man betray.
But the fight will go on and we'll not be done
While man is unfree in this fair land,
And in freedom's day we will sing in praise
Of O'Hara, Hughes, McCreesh and Sands.

There are wild and rocky hills, on the coast of Donegal.
And their fishermen are hardy brave and free.
And the big atlantic swell, is a thing they know right well,
As they fight to take a living from the sea.

With the pleasant rolling sea, and the herring running free,
And the fleet all riding gently through the foam.
When the boats are loaded down, there'll be singing in the town,
When the boys of Killybegs come rolling home.

Now you don your rubber boots, and you've got your oilskins on,
And you check the gear to see that it's O.K.
And your jumper keeps you warm, because its cold before the dawn,
And your ready to begin another day.

With the pleasant rolling sea, and the herring running free,
And the fleet all riding gently through the foam.
When the boats are loaded down, there'll be singing in the town,
When the boys of Killybegs come rolling home.

Well your headed out to sea, and the wind is blowing free,
And you cast your nets as rain bgins to fall.
But the sun comes riding through, and the clouds will soon roll by,
And tonight we'll maybe take a bumper haul.

With the pleasant rolling sea, and the herring running free,
And the fleet all riding gently through the foam.
When the boats are loaded down, there'll be singing in the town,
When the boys of Killybegs come rolling home.

Sure there's purple on the hill, but the stream's down by the shore,
And the sun has cast its gold upon the sea.
And there's silver down below, where the herring fishes go,
When we catch them, there'll be gold for you and me.

With the pleasant rolling sea, and the herring running free,
And the fleet all riding gently through the foam.
When the boats are loaded down, there'll be singing in the town,
When the boys of Killybegs come rolling home.

When the boats are loaded down, there'll be singing in the town,
When the boys of Killybegs come rolling home.

Who are you, my pretty fair maid,
Who are you, me honey?
And who are you, my pretty fair maid,
And who are you, me honey?
She answered me quite modestly, I am me mother's darling

With me
Too-ry-ay Fol-de-diddle-day Di-re fol-de-diddle Dai-rie oh

And will you come to me mother's house,
When the moon is shining clearly?
And will you come to me mother's house
When the moon is shining clearly?
I'll open the door and I'll let you in
And divil 'o one will hear us

With me
Too-ry-ay Fol-de-diddle-day Di-re fol-de-diddle Dai-rie oh

So I went to her house in the middle of the night
When the moon was shining clearly
So I went to her house in the middle of the night
When the moon was shining clearly
She opened the door and she let me in and divil the one did hear us

With me
Too-ry-ay Fol-de-diddle-day Di-re fol-de-diddle Dai-rie oh

She took me horse by the bridle and the bit
And led him to the stable
She took me horse by the bridle and the bit
And led him to the stable
Saying "There's plenty of oats for a soldier's horse,
To eat it if he's able"

With me
Too-ry-ay Fol-de-diddle-day Di-re fol-de-diddle Dai-rie oh

Then she took me by the lily-white hand
Led me to the table
Then she took me by the lily-white hand
Led me to the table
Saying "There's plenty of wine for a soldier boy,
To drink if he is able"

With me
Too-ry-ay Fol-de-diddle-day Di-re fol-de-diddle Dai-rie oh

Then I got up and I made the bed
I made it nice and aisy
Then I got up and I made the bed
I made it nice and aisy
The I got up and I laid her down
Saying "Lassie, are you able? "

With me
Too-ry-ay Fol-de-diddle-day Di-re fol-de-diddle Dai-rie oh

And there we lay till the break of day
Divil the one did hear us
And there we lay till the break of day
And divil the one did hear us
Then I arose and put on me clothes
Saying "Lassie, I must leave you"

With me
Too-ry-ay Fol-de-diddle-day Di-re fol-de-diddle Dai-rie oh

And when will you return again
When will we get married?
And when will you return again
When will we get married?
When broken shells make Christmas bells
We might then get married

With me
Too-ry-ay Fol-de-diddle-day Di-re fol-de-diddle Dai-rie oh

At Boolavogue as the sun was setting
O’ér the bright May meadows of Shelmalier
A rebel hand set the heather blazing
And brought the neighbours from far and near
Then Father Murphy from old Kilcormack
Spurred up the rock with a warning cry
‘Arm, arm’ he cried, ‘for I’ve come to lead you
For Ireland’s freedom we fight or die’

He led us on against the coming soldiers
And cowardly yeomen, we put to flight
‘twas at the Harrow, the boys of Wexford
Showed Bookies regiments how men could fight
Look out for hirelings, King George of England
Search every kingdom where breathes a slave
For Fr. Murphy from County Wexford
Sweeps o’er the land like a mighty wave

We took Camolin and Enniscorthy
And Wexford storming, drove out our foes
`twas at Slieve Coilte, our pikes were reeking
With the crimson blood of the beaten Yeos
At Tubberneering and Ballyellis
Full many a Hessian lay in his gore
Ah, Father Murphy, had aid come over
The green flag floated from shore to shore

At Vinegar Hill o’er the pleasant Slaney
Our heroes vainly stood back to back
And the yeos at Tullow took Fr. Murphy
And burnt his body upon the rack
God grant you glory, brave Fr.Murphy
And open heaven to all your men
The cause that called you may call tomorrow
In another fight for the green again

Oh of all the money that e're I spent
I spent it in good company
and of all the harm that e're Ive done
alas it was to none but me
for all I've done for want of wit
to mem'ry now I can't recall
so fill to me the parting glass
good night and joy be with you all

Oh if I had money enough to spend
and leisure time to sit awhile
there is a fair maid in this town
and she surely has my heart beguiled
her rosey cheeks, her ruby lips
I own she has my heart enthralled
so fill to me the parting glass
good night and joy be with you all

Oh of all the comrades that e're I've had
they are sorry for my going away
and of all the sweethearts that e're I've had
they would wish me one more day to stay
but since it falls unto my lot
that I should rise and you should not
I'll gently rise and softly call
good night and joy be with you all

In comes the Captain's daughter, the Captain of the Yeos
saying brave united Irishmen we'll ne're again be foes
A thousand punds I'll give you and fly from home with thee
I'll dress myself in man's attire and fight for liberty

We are the Boys from Wexford
Who fought with heart and hand
To burst in twain the galling chain
and free our native land

and when we left out cabin boys we left with right goodwill
to see our friends and neighbors that were at Vinegar Hill
a young man from our ranks a cannon he let go
he slapped it into Lord Mountjoy a tyrant he laid low

We are the Boys from Wexford
Who fought with heart and hand
To burst in twain the galling chain
and free our native land

we bravely fought and conquered at Ross and Wexford Town
and if we failed to keep them 'twas drink that brought us down
we had no drink beside us on Tubberneering's Day
Depending on the long bright pike and well it worked it's way

We are the Boys from Wexford
Who fought with heart and hand
To burst in twain the galling chain
and free our native land

They came into our country our blood and waste to spill
but let them weep for wexford and think of Oulart Hill
'twas drink that still betrayed us of them we had no fear
for everyman could do his part like Forth and Shelmalier

We are the Boys from Wexford
Who fought with heart and hand
To burst in twain the galling chain
and free our native land

My curse upon all drinking it made our hearts full sore
for bravery won each battle but dronk lost evermore
and if for want of leaders we lost at Vinegar Hill
we're ready for another fight and love our Country still

We are the Boys from Wexford
Who fought with heart and hand
To burst in twain the galling chain
and free our native land

In Ireland's fight for freedom, boys,
The North has played her part,
And though her day has yet to come,
We never yet must part,
We'll keep the fight until the end,
We know we cannot fail.

And there's the reason why today,
They keep our lads in Crumlin Jail,
So join the fight, you volunteers,
It cannot be denied.
That jail won't break their spirits down
They'd just as soon have died.
For England knows and England hates,
Our fearless Northern name.
And that's another reason why,
They keep our lads in Crumlin Jail.

We give to Ireland Owen Roe,
We give them Shane O'Neill,
And Tone and Mitchell made a vow,
That England still would yield,
McKelvey did not die in vain,
He was a Northern Gael.

McCracken came from Belfast town,
McCorry from the Bann,
And brave Harry Munro at Ballynahinch,
But, for his native land,
Tom Williams died on scaffold high,
His name shall never fail.

There's a uniform still hanging in what's known as father's room
A uniform so simple in its style
It has no fancy braid of gold, no hat with feathered plume
Yet me mother has preserved it all the while
One day she made me try it on, a wish of mine for years
In memory of your father Sean she said
And when I put the Sam Browne on
She was smiling through her tears
As she placed the broad black brimmer on me head

It's just a broad black brimmer
With ribbons frayed and torn from the
Careless whisk of many a mountain breeze
An old trench coat that's so battle-stained and worn
And breeches almost threadbare at the knees
A Sam Browne belt with a buckle big and strong
And a holster that's been empty many's a day
But when men claim Ireland's freedom
The one should choose to lead them
Will wear the broad black brimmer of the IRA

It was the uniform worn by me father year's ago
When he reached me mother's homestead on the run
It was the uniform he wore in that little church below
When oul Father Mac, he blessed the pair as one
And after truce and treaty and the parting of the ways
He wore it when he marched out with the rest
And when they bore his body down on that rugged heather braes
They placed the broad black brimmer on his chest

It's just a broad black brimmer
With ribbons frayed and torn from the
Careless whisk of many a mountain breeze
An old trench coat that's so battle-stained and worn
And breeches almost threadbare at the knees
A Sam Browne belt with a buckle big and strong
And a holster that's been empty many's a day
But when men claim Ireland's freedom
The one should choose to lead them
Will wear the broad black brimmer of the IRA

No more following this endless maze
Separation will define the new way
What's broken is what leads us all astray
The chosen are renewed in amnesty
Broken, hopeless, the state of all our fates
Revolted, woken, lead us from this place

Nowhere to hide, strength realigned
The signal fire's alight
Given to fight, there's hope just in sight
The signal fire's alight

Can we walk a mile in another's shoes
To determine what we have to lose? (To lose)
Disconnection of a common reality
Becomes so lost in this world of hypocrisy

Nowhere to hide, strength realigned
The signal fire's alight
Given to fight, there's hope just in sight
The signal fire's alight
(Alight)

This is our one beacon to deliver us all
To guide us away from this decay of humanity

Nowhere to hide, strength realigned
The signal fire's alight
Given to fight, there's hope just in sight
The signal fire's alight
(Alight)

I won't give up this fight
(Alight)
The signal fire is alight

In a neat little town they call Belfast,
apprenticed to trade I was bound
and manys the hour of sweet happiness
I spent in that neat little town
till bad misfortune came o're me
which sent me away from the land
far away from my friends and companions
betrayed by the black velvet band

Her eyes the shined like a diamond
you'd think she was queen of the land
and her hair hung over her shoulder
tied up with a black velvet band

As I went strolling down Broadway
not intending to stray very far
I met with a frolicksome damsel
applying her trade in a bar
a watch she stole from a customer
and slipped it right into my hand
the very first day that I met her,
bad luck to the black velvet band

Her eyes the shined like a diamond
you'd think she was queen of the land
and her hair hung over her shoulder
tied up with a black velvet band

Before judge and jury next morning,
both of us were to appear
a gentleman claimed his jewelry
and the case against us was quite clear
seven long years transportation
right down to Van Dieman's Land
far away from my friends and companions
betrayed by the black velvet band

Her eyes the shined like a diamond
you'd think she was queen of the land
and her hair hung over her shoulder
tied up with a black velvet band

So come all ye jolly young fellows
I'll have you take warnin' by me
whenever you're out in the liquor me lads
beware of the pretty colleens
for they'll fill you with whiskey and porter
till you are not able to stand
and the very next thing that you know me lads,
you've landed in Van Dieman's Land

It was down by the Sally Gardens, my love and I did meet.
She crossed the Sally Gardens with little snow-white feet.
She bid me take love easy, as the leaves grow on the tree,
But I was young and foolish, and with her did not agree.

In a field down by the river, my love and I did stand
And on my leaning shoulder, she laid her snow-white hand.
She bid me take life easy , as the grass grows on the weirs
But I was young and foolish, and now am full of tears.

Down by the Sally Gardens, my love and I did meet.
She crossed the Sally Gardens with little snow-white feet.
She bid me take love easy, as the leaves grow on the tree,
But I was young and foolish, and with her did not agree.

I'm an ordinary man, nothing special, nothing grand
I've had to work for everything I own
I never asked for a lot, I was happy with what I got
Enough to keep my family and my home

Now they say that times are hard and they've handed me my cards
They say there's not the work to go around
And when the whistle blows, the gates will finally close
Tonight they're going to shut this factory down
Then they'll tear it down

I never missed a day nor went on strike for better pay
For twenty years I served them best I could
Now with a handshake and a cheque it seems so easy to forget
Loyalty through the bad times and through good
The owner says he's sad to see that things have got so bad
But the captains of industry won't let him lose
He still drives a car and smokes his cigar
And still he takes his family on a cruise, he'll never lose

Well it seems to me such a cruel irony
He's richer now then he ever was before
Now my cheque is spent and I can't afford the rent
There's one law for the rich, one for the poor
Every day I've tried to salvage some of my pride
To find some work so's I might pay my way
Oh but everywhere I go, the answer's always no
There's no work for anyone here today, no work today

And so condemned I stand just an ordinary man
Like thousands beside me in the queue
I watch my darling wife trying to make the best of life
And God knows what the kids are going to do
Now that we are faced with this human waste
A generation cast aside
And as long as I live, I never will forgive
You've stripped me of my dignity and pride, you've stripped me bare
You've stripped me bare, you've stripped me bare

I took a stroll down the old long walk
Of the day I-ay-I-ay
I met a little girl and we stopped to talk
On a grand soft day I-ay

And I ask you friends, whats a fella to do?
Because her hair was black and her eyes were blue
And I knew right then, I'd be takin a whirl
Down the Salthill Prom with a Galway Girl

We're halfway there when the rain came down
On the day I-ay-I-ay
And she took me up to her flat downtown
On a grand soft day I-ay

And I ask you friends, whats a fella to do?
Because her hair was black and her eyes were blue
So I took her hand, and I gave her a twirl
And I lost my heart to a Galway Girl

When I woke up I was all alone
With a broken heart and a ticket home
And I ask you friend, what would you do?
If her hair was black and her eyes were blue

See I've travelled around, I've been all over the world
Boys
I've never seen nothin like a Galway girl - Hey!

Oh, have you been to Avondale
And lingered in her lovely vale?
Where tall trees whisper low the tale
Of Avondale's proud eagle

Where pride and ancient glory fade
Such was the land where he was laid
Like Christ was thirty pieces paid
For Avondale's proud eagle

Long years that green and lovely glade
Have lost for now our grandest Gael
And Cursed the land that has betrayed
Our Avondale's proud eagle

I'll sing you a song, of a terrible wrong
And the flags they flew at half mast
And a man he lay dead, he was riddled with lead
And he died on the streets of Belfast

O the radio said, 'twas another shot dead
And he died with a gun in his hand
But they didn't say why, Billy Reed had to die
But he died to free Ireland

It happened one day when the bold I.R.A.
Went out to fight for their land
With an old Thompson gun brought the troops on the run
And defense of their homes was their plan.

O the radio said, 'twas another shot dead
And he died with a gun in his hand
But they didn't say why, Billy Reed had to die
But he died to free Ireland

When returning the gun
Billy met with these Huns
And when the fight had begun
His position was dire, but his gun wouldn't fire
So he died with that old Thompson gun.

O the radio said, 'twas another shot dead
And he died with a gun in his hand
But they didn't say why, Billy Reed had to die
But he died to free Ireland

Although he lay dead, he was kicked in the head
By the hair they dragged him around
For they still feared him yet and can never forget
How brave Billy Reed stood his ground.

O the radio said, 'twas another shot dead
And he died with a gun in his hand
But they didn't say why, Billy Reed had to die
But he died to free Ireland

If you think he was right,
come and join in the fight
And help to free Belfast
For the blood that he shed,
although he lay dead
In our hearts his memory will last.

Well how do you do young Willie McBride?
do you mind if I sit down here by your graveside
and rest for a while 'neath the warm summer sun
I've been walkin' all day and I'm nearly done
I see by your gravestone you were only nineteen
when you joined the great fallen of 1916
Well I hope you died quick and I hope you died clean
Willie McBride was it slow and obscene

Did they beat the drum slowly did they play the fife lowly,
did they sound the death march as they lowered you down
did the band play the last post and chorus,
did the pipes play the "Flowers of the Forest"

And the beautiful wife or the sweetheart for life
in some faithful heart are you forever enshrined
and although you died back in 1916
in that faithful heart are you forever nineteen?
or are you a stranger without even a name
enshrined forever behind a glass pane
in an ould photograph torn tattered and stained,
fading to yellow in a brown leather frame?

Did they beat the drum slowly did they play the fife lowly,
did they sound the death march as they lowered you down
did the band play the last post and chorus,
did the pipes play the "Flowers of the Forest"

Now the sun shines down on the green fields of France
a warm summer wind makes the red poppys dance
The trences have vanished under the plows,
there's no gas no barbed wire, there's no guns firing now
but here in this graveyard it's still No Man's land,
the countless white crosses stand mute in the sand
for man's blind indifference to his fellow man,
to a whole generation that was butchered and damned

Did they beat the drum slowly did they play the fife lowly,
did they sound the death march as they lowered you down
did the band play the last post and chorus,
did the pipes play the "Flowers of the Forest"

Now Willie McBride I can't help wonder why
Do those who lie here do they know why they died
Did they really beleive when they answered the call
did they really believe that this war would end wars
Forever this song of suffereing and shame
the killing the dying was all done in vain
for young Willie McBride it's all happened again,
and again, and again, and again and again

A cold May morning was breaking over Dublin’s dreary town
Sixteen brave men have fallen to the rifles of the crown
Because they loved their country and served it night and day
Before they faced those rifles this is what those boys did say

Take away the blood-stained bandage from off an Irish brow
We fought and bled for Ireland and will not shirk it now
We have held in her struggle, in answer to her call
And because we sought to free her, we are placed against a wall

Ned Daly, Heuston, Colbert, Mac Donagh and Mac Bride
Mac Dermott and the brothers Ceannt, with Clarke and Plunkett died
Mick Mallin, Pat and Willy Pearse, O’Hanrahan and Kent
And last of all James Connolly, this message to them sent

Take away the blood-stained bandage from off an Irish brow
We fought and bled for Ireland and will not shirk it now
We have held in her struggle, in answer to her call
And because we sought to free her, we are placed against a wall

Sad are three homes in Belfast now
Old Ireland shares their sorrow
Braid Farrell, Sean Savage, and Daniel MacCann
They died on the streets of Gibraltar

They flew out of Belfast with an ambitious plan
To continue the struggle to free Ireland
Braid Farrell, Sean Savage and Daniel MacCann
And they dies on the streets of Gibraltar

Sad are three homes in Belfast now
Old Ireland shares their sorrow
As they walked in the sun the Brits drew their guns
And blood stained the streets of Gibraltar

The SAS stood there so proud of their deed
Three more freedom fighters lay dead in the street
Theyve been given no warning no chance to retreat
For three had to die in Gibraltar

Sad are three homes in Belfast now
Old Ireland shares their sorrow
As they walked in the sun the Brits drew their guns
And blood stained the streets of Gibraltar

As I walked through Kildare while the great row was raging
And little Jimmy Murphy was the lad who was taken

We're far from the last rout
From the East to Downpatrick
Where there dies little Jimmy Murphy on the sweet mossy banks, killamajing, killamajong, whiskey fiskey tooraloo
Rank a diddle dare, ol foldare ol foldoe

Now, little Jimmy Murphy was not hung for sheep stealing
But the courting of a pretty girl and her name was Nancy Whelan

We’re far from the last rout
From the East to Downpatrick
Where there dies little Jimmy Murphy on the sweet mossy banks, killamajing, killamajong, whiskey fiskey tooraloo
Rank a diddle dare, ol foldare ol foldoe

We were marched through the town
We were marched through the city
With our hands tied behind us and the ladies cried pity

We're far from the last rout
From the East to Downpatrick
Where there dies little Jimmy Murphy on the sweet mossy banks, killamajing, killamajong, whiskey fiskey tooraloo
Rank a diddle dare, ol foldare ol foldoe

At the foot of the gallows, poor Nancy was kneeling
At the foot of the rope, then poor Jimmy was reelin'

We’re far from the last rout
From the East to Downpatrick
Where there dies little Jimmy Murphy on the sweet mossy banks, killamajing, killamajong, whiskey fiskey tooraloo
Rank a diddle dare, ol foldare ol foldoe

A young man, was shot on the Falls Road today
The bulletins came through to hide the truth away
With different stories to cover the lies
'twas cold blooded murder, caused Pearce Jordan to die

As you travelled the Falls Road early that night.
The police, they were watching, the kept you in sight.
They rammed your car from every side
As you staggered away, you were shot, and you died.

Slan go foill moh chara, just for a while.
We'll not, have your craic, your jokes, or your smiles.
But in years to come, your memory's still true.
A brave son of Ireland, we will not forget you

Your killer that night, you did not even see.
Shot in the back, by the RUC
Now they wont be punished, though justice they'll meet
For shootin' Pearse Jordan, unarmed in the street

Slan go foill mo chara, just for a while
We'll not have your craic, your jokes, or your smiles.
But in years to come, your memory's still true
A brave son of Ireland, we will not forget you

The grief that is felt by, his family is sore.
To know that they'll never, see Pearse any more.
No chance to hold him, or tell him goodbye
But they're proud of their son, and the cause that Pearse held high

Slan go foill moh chara, just for a while
We'll not have your craic, your jokes, or your smiles.
But in years to come, your memory's still true
A brave son of Ireland we will not forget you

Slan go foill moh chara, just for a while
We'll not have your craic, your jokes, or your smiles.
But in years to come, your memory's still true
Goodbye my dear friend, we will not forget you.

O Peggy Gordon, You are my darling
Come sit you down upon my knee
And tell to me the very reason
Why I am slighted so by thee

I am so deep in love that I can't deny it
My heart lies smothered in my breast
But it's not for you to let the whole world know it
A troubled mind can find no rest

I leaned myself on a cask of brandy
It was my fancy, I do declare
For when I'm drinking, I'm always thinking
Wishing Peggy Gordon was there

I wished I was in a lonesome valley
Where womankind cannot be found
And the pretty little birds do change their voices
And every moment a different sound

I wish I was away in Ingles
Far away across the briny sea
Sailing over deepest waters
Where love nor care never trouble me
