Weren't we the rare oul' stock? Spent the evenin' gettin' locked
In the Ace of Hearts where the high stools were engaging,
Over the Butt Bridge, down by the dock
The boat she sailed at five o'clock
"Hurry, boys," said Whack, or before we're there we'll all be back
Carry him if you can The Crack was Ninety in the Isle of Man.

Before we reached the Alexander Base; The ding dong we did surely raise
In the bar of the ship we had great sport, as the boat she sailed out of the port
Landed up in the Douglas Head enquired for a vacant bed.
The dining room we soon got shown by a decent woman up the road.
'Lads, ate it if you can, The Crack was Ninety in the Isle of Man.

Next morning we went for a ramble round; Viewed the sights of Douglas Town
Then we went tor a mighty session, in a pub they call Dick Darby's.
We must have been drunk by half-past three; To sober up we went swimmin' in the sea
Back to the digs for the spruce up, and while waitin' for the fry
We all drew up our plan; The Crack was Ninety in the Isle of Man.

That night we went to the Texas Bar; Came back down by horse and car.
Met Big Jim and all went in to drink some wine in Yate's.
The Liverpool Judies, it was said, were all to be found in the Douglas Head
McShane was there in his suit and shirt, Them foreign girls he was tryin' to flirt
Sayin' "Here girls, I'm your man," The Crack was Ninety in the Isle of Man.

Whacker fancied his good looks; On an Isle of Man woman he was struck.
But a Liverpool lad was by her side. And he throwin'the jar into her.'
Whacker thought he'd take a chance; He asked the quare one out to dance.
Around the floor they stepped it out, And to Whack it was no bother.
Everythin' was goin' to plan; The Crack was Ninety in the Isle of Man.

The Isle of Man woman fancied Whack; Your man stood there till his mates came back
Whack! they all whacked into Whack, and Whack was whacked out on his back.
The police force arrived as well, Banjoed a couple of them as well,
Landed up in the Douglas jail, until the Dublin boat did sail,
Deported every man, The Crack was Ninety in the Isle of Man.
