as I went down to Galway town to seek for recreation
On the seventeenth of August me mind being elevated
There were multitudes assembled with their tickets at the station
Me eyes began to dazzle and I'm goin' to see the races.

For me whack for me dew for me dithery iddle day.

There were passengers from Limerick and more from Tipperary
The boys from Connemara and the Clare unmarried ladies
People from Cork City who were loyal true and faithful
broght home the Fenian prisoners from dyin' in foreign nations

For me whack for me dew for me dithery iddle day.

There were multitudes from Aran, and members from New Quay Shore
Boys from Connemara and the Claire unmarried maidens
There were people from Cork city who were loyal, true and faithful;
Who brought home the Fenian prisoners from diverse foreign nations.

For me whack for me dew for me dithery iddle day.

It's there you'll see the pipers and the fiddlers competing
The nimble footed dancers a-tripping over the daisies
There were others crying cigars and lights and bills for all the races
With the colors of the jockeys and the prize and horses' ages.

For me whack for me dew for me dithery iddle day.

It's there you'll see the jockeys and they're mounted out so stately
The pink, the blue, the orange, and green, the emblem of our nation
When the bell was rung for starting, all the horses seemed impatient
I thought they never stood on ground their speed was so amazing.

For me whack for me dew for me dithery iddle day.

There was half a million people there from all denominations
The Catholic, the Protestant, the Jew, and Presbyterian
There was yet no animosity, no matter what persuasion
But sportsman's hospitality inducin' fresh acquaintance

For me whack for me dew for me dithery iddle day.

It's there you'll see confectioners with sugarsticks and dainties
The lozenges and oranges, the lemonade and raisins!
The gingerbread and spices to accomodate the ladies
And a big crubeen for thruppence to be pickin' while you're able.

For me whack for me dew for me dithery iddle day.

It's there you'll see the gamblers, the thimbles and the garters
And the spotting Wheel of Fortune with the four and twenty quarters
There was others without scruple pelting wattles at poor Maggy
And her father well-contented and he lookin' at his daughter.

For me whack for me dew for me dithery iddle day.
